changing a light bulb	0	Which room did the light go out in?	text	Kitchen.	Bedroom.	1
changing a light bulb	1	How did they reach the light bulb socket in the ceiling?	text	standing on a bucket	They used a stepladder	1
changing a light bulb	2	How did they reach the light fixture to change the light bulb?	text	a chair	They got the stepladder	1
changing a light bulb	3	Where was the light bulb that needed to be replaced?	text	Ceiling lamp	A bedside lamp	0
changing a light bulb	4	Why did they have to change the old light bulb?	text	It shattered	Worn	1
changing a light bulb	5	How did they screw in the new light bulb?	commonsense	the pushed it in place.	By hand	1
changing a light bulb	6	Was the light bulb still hot?	commonsense	yes	No.	1
changing a light bulb	7	Was the light bulb in a lamp or ceiling?	text	A lamp	The ceiling	1
changing a light bulb	8	Did they get help from someone?	text	yes	no	1
having a barbecue	0	Who is invited to the barbecue?	text	co workers	their friends	1
having a barbecue	1	Do people need to bring extra cups for the barbecue?	commonsense	yes	no all was provided	1
having a barbecue	2	Who was invited to the BBQ?	text	their  family	their friends	1
having a barbecue	3	Who was the host of the barbecue?	text	the author	the neighbor	0
having a barbecue	4	How long did it take to put out the grill fire?	commonsense	Not long	hours	0
having a barbecue	5	Who was at the barbecue?	text	speaker and friends	Spouse and their family	0
having a barbecue	6	what's the price to get into the BBQ?	commonsense	free	Five dollars	0
having a barbecue	7	where is the barbecue going to be at?	text	at a park	speakers house	1
having a barbecue	8	Why are we having the barbecue, to celebrate an occasion, or just because we want to?	text	just because they want to	for a holiday	0
getting the newspaper	0	Did they have to leave the house?	text	Yes, they had to walk out to the yard.	No, the paper boy puts in between the screen and inner doors.	0
getting the newspaper	1	What were they drinking while reading?	text	milk	Coffee	1
getting the newspaper	2	When was the paper delivered?	text	in the evening	in the morning by 7 a.m.	1
getting the newspaper	3	When is the newspaper delivered?	text	by 7 a.m.	Sunday noon	0
painting a wall	0	What tools were needed to paint?	commonsense	scissors, paint brush, frying pan, bleach	paint brush	1
painting a wall	1	When did they decide to paint?	text	When they moved into an apartment.	when they bought a new house	1
ironing laundry	0	When did the iron get hot?	text	When it was turned on	When the iron was put on the stove	0
ironing laundry	1	Why did they need to iron the clothes?	commonsense	To finish drying them.	Because they were wrinkled.	1
ironing laundry	2	How did they press the iron?	text	From the top down.	back and forth	1
ironing laundry	3	Did they use an ironing board?	text	Yes	No.	0
ironing laundry	4	Can they burn themselves?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
ironing laundry	5	Why does steam come out of it?	commonsense	it was on fire	The water gets hot in the iron and makes steam	1
ironing laundry	6	What did the iron on?	text	Ironboard	the table	0
walking a dog	0	Why did they take plastic bags with them?	text	To carry the leash.	To clean up the dog's mess	1
walking a dog	1	What was the person's name who walked the dog?	text	Johnny	Jerry	1
walking a dog	2	What time of day did they walk the dog?	text	12 midnight	morning and evening	1
walking a dog	3	Where are they walking the dog?	commonsense	To the front yard and the park.	On a hiking trip.	0
walking a dog	4	Were they walking around the neighborhood?	commonsense	Yes, they were.	No, they were not.	0
walking a dog	5	How long did they walk the dog for?	text	Hours	20 minutes in the morning and longer in the afternoon	1
walking a dog	6	Did they take the dog to a park?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
painting a wall	0	Did anyone help him?	text	It was the narrator and their husband	No, they worked alone.	0
painting a wall	1	Were they happy with the paint job when they were done?	text	yes lot	No, they were not.	0
painting a wall	2	Were any children involved in the task?	text	No children helped.	Yes, they were.	0
painting a wall	3	Were they neat or sloppy?	commonsense	They were neat and laid down tarp and news paper.	They were sloppy and got paint on the carpet.	0
painting a wall	4	Was there more than one color being painted?	text	no just single color	Yes, they used a lot of colors.	0
painting a wall	5	Did they do a good job painting?	text	They loved the results	They didn't care for how it turned out	0
painting a wall	6	Who painted the wall?	text	The narrator and their friends	The narrator and their spouse	1
painting a wall	7	What color did they paint it?	text	red	sky blue	1
painting a wall	8	When did they start painting?	text	the week before	Today	1
ordering a pizza	0	Where did they sit?	text	In the Pizza Hut store.	In Domino's.	0
ordering a pizza	1	How did they place the order?	text	By themselves.	They ordered online	0
ordering a pizza	0	Did they use a coupon?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
ordering a pizza	1	What did they order?	text	Large pepperoni pizza with extra cheese and thin crust.	Cheese pizza	0
ordering a pizza	2	When did they decide to order a pizza?	text	yesterday	last week	0
ordering a pizza	3	Was there any pizza left over?	text	yes, just one	no they ate every single slice	1
ordering a pizza	4	How much time did it take?	text	35 minutes	an hour	0
ordering a pizza	5	Why don't we use a fork to eat pizza?	commonsense	You eat it with a fork and knife	Hand held tradition	1
ordering a pizza	6	Where did they order the pizza from?	text	pizza hut	Domino's	1
ordering a pizza	7	Why did they order pizza?	commonsense	It didn't say.	Hungry/dinner	1
ordering a pizza	8	When did they order the pizza?	text	For lunch	Yesterday at dinner time	1
driving a car	0	Did the driver wear a seatbelt?	text	No.	Yes	1
walking a dog	0	Did they talk to anyone while walking the dog?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
walking a dog	1	What did they do with the dog first?	text	Pet the dog's head	Pet and feed.	0
walking a dog	2	Did they use a leash or a harness or both?	text	both	leash	1
walking a dog	3	Can they take the leash off?	text	no	yes	0
walking a dog	4	Who did they see?	commonsense	the mailman	other dogs	1
walking a dog	5	How long did they walk the dog for?	commonsense	30 Minutes	hours	0
walking a dog	6	Where did they walk the dog?	text	in the park	Around the neighborhood	1
walking a dog	7	Was the dog well trained?	commonsense	not at all	Yes	1
walking a dog	9	Who walked with the dog?	text	Their mom	the narrator	1
writing a letter	0	How are they planning on sending the letter?	text	Mailing it	email	0
writing a letter	1	Did someone help them write the letter?	text	No	Yes	0
writing a letter	2	What was the reasoning behind the letter?	text	To write to his dad	they can't talk on the phone much so they write often	1
writing a letter	3	Was the letter written with a pen?	text	No	Pen	1
writing a letter	4	Did they write it in pencil?	text	Yes	pen	1
writing a letter	5	What was used to write the letter?	text	Computer.	pen and paper	1
feeding an infant	0	What did they do to the baby after the baby was done eating?	text	They made the baby to burp.	Took a walk.	0
feeding an infant	1	Did they only feed the infant because it was crying?	commonsense	Yes, babies need to eat every few hours around the clock	No, this was their regular lunch feeding.	0
feeding an infant	2	Where did they feed the infant?	text	on the rocking chair	Outside	0
feeding an infant	3	Where did they sit when they were feeding the infant?	text	Rocking chair	The bed.	0
feeding an infant	4	Who was hungry?	text	Their baby.	Their cat.	0
feeding an infant	5	What was the infant fed?	text	Milk and formula	mashed peas	0
feeding an infant	6	Did the baby seem happy after eating?	commonsense	no, he cried.	Yes	1
feeding an infant	7	What did it eat?	text	a bottle of formula	peas	0
cleaning the shower	0	Why was the shower dirty?	commonsense	From repeated use	No it was clean.	0
cleaning the shower	1	Why did they clean the shower?	text	It was their chore.	she had made it very dirty	0
cleaning the shower	2	Whose shower are they cleaning?	text	Family	Her uncle	0
shopping online	0	who shopped online?	text	The Author	her children	0
shopping online	1	What website did they shop on?	text	Amazon.com	walmart.com	0
shopping online	2	Did they make use of any sales or coupons going on that day?	text	No they only looked at full price items	Yes they looked at items on sale	1
shopping online	3	Who did they order things for?	text	herself	her children	1
shopping online	4	How did they decide what to buy?	text	They search for what they want and select what they like and can afford	They pick what the children like best	0
shopping online	5	What method of payment did they use for the order?	text	bank card	Cash	0
shopping online	6	what website was used?	text	Amazon.com	walmart.com	0
taking a driving lesson	0	Who taught the lesson?	text	Their dad taught them.	The driving instructor	1
taking a driving lesson	1	What time of day is the lesson?	text	morning time	night time	1
taking a driving lesson	2	How did the instructor teach driving?	commonsense	told them where to go and what to do	by doing the driving	0
taking a driving lesson	3	Did the lesson require a test on paper?	text	Yes	No	1
taking a driving lesson	4	What vehicle did they use?	text	the instructor's car	Dad's.	0
taking a driving lesson	5	Did the class involve actual driving in a car or just learning?	text	just class work	They actually drove a car.	1
taking a driving lesson	6	What did the driving instructor say?	text	Slow down.	They are doing great.	1
taking a driving lesson	7	Did they turn on the car lights?	commonsense	no, it was during the day	yes, because they are driving at night	1
taking a driving lesson	8	Was the person a teenager getting their permit or an adult?	text	Teen.	It was an adult.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	Did they enjoy their new order?	commonsense	no	yes	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	Was the food cold?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	Why are they going to their destination?	text	to celebrate their dad's birthday	It was Christmas	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	How long were they waiting?	text	one hour after the mixup	ten minutes after the mixup	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	Why did they send the food back?	text	wrong order	they got the right food but it was cold	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	Did they like the resolution?	text	yes	Not really.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	what time of day did they eat?	commonsense	Night	Morning	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	7	Who did they get to correct the order?	text	Waitress.	their mom	0
having a barbecue	0	Who was cooking the food?	text	the author	no one	0
having a barbecue	1	What kind of food was cooked on the grill?	text	Just meat.	meats and vegetables	1
having a barbecue	2	How are they going to marinate their meats?	text	Seasonings.	They soaked them in lemon juice.	0
having a barbecue	3	How many food options were available?	text	Meat and vegetables.	One.	0
making scrambled eggs	0	What were they wearing over their shirt to prevent any spills from getting on their clothing?	commonsense	apron	fur coat	0
making scrambled eggs	1	What were some of the other ingredients?	text	ketchup, mustard, and cheese	butter, salt and pepper	1
making scrambled eggs	2	Who was cooking the eggs?	text	the friend	the speaker	1
making scrambled eggs	3	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	After they threw away the eggs.	after whisking	1
making scrambled eggs	4	Where were the scrambled eggs made?	text	In the bathroom	kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	5	Who made the scrambled eggs?	text	the speaker	The seller	0
making scrambled eggs	6	Why were they making scrambled eggs?	commonsense	They wanted to throw them away.	To eat	1
paying bills	0	How many bills did they receive?	text	Five	Three.	1
paying bills	1	Did they enjoy paying the bills?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
paying bills	2	Who did they have to call?	text	The bank.	the power company	0
paying bills	3	What type of bills are they paying?	text	The phone bill and gas payment.	the power bill and car payment	1
paying bills	4	How long did it take to pay?	commonsense	Years	Not long	1
paying bills	5	What kind of bills did they pay?	text	mortgage and cable bill	The car payment and power bill.	1
paying bills	6	What will happen if they don't pay them?	commonsense	nothing will happen	The will receive a past due notice?	1
paying bills	7	Were the bills paid late?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
taking a bath	0	Did they have toys in the bath?	commonsense	yes	no	1
taking a bath	1	Did they wash their hair in the bath?	text	no	yes	1
taking a bath	2	Did the person in the bath need someone else to clean them?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a bath	3	Did they take a bath to get clean?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	4	Why did they take a bath?	text	to have a party	They had time to relax, and it's good for hygiene and self-esteem	1
taking a bath	5	Did the tub fill with water?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	6	Did they wash their face?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	7	Did they use towels to dry off after bathing?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a bath	8	Did they use bubble bath?	text	yes	no	0
writing a letter	0	What kind of letter did they write?	text	Friendly.	a love letter to her husband	0
writing a letter	1	How long did it take to write the letter?	commonsense	Not very long.	all day	0
writing a letter	2	How important is the letter to them?	commonsense	not important at all	very important	1
writing a letter	3	Who wrote the letter?	text	the narrator	their mom	0
writing a letter	4	Did they put the letter in a envelope?	text	Yes	No.	0
writing a letter	5	Where did they put the finished letter?	text	Mailbox	lunch box	0
writing a letter	6	What did the letter say in the start?	text	I love you.	dear grandma	1
writing a letter	7	Were they going to mail the letter?	text	yes	No	0
writing a letter	8	To whom did they send the letter?	text	Grandmother	lover	0
writing a letter	9	What are they writing on?	text	a bag	paper	1
making omelette	0	Where did they cook the omelette?	commonsense	bathroom	in the kitchen	1
making omelette	1	Why did the person making the omelette put butter in the pan before the eggs were poured in?	commonsense	so they would stick to the pan	to grease the pan so the eggs wouldn't stick	1
making omelette	2	How many eggs did they use?	text	four	three	1
making omelette	3	How many omelettes did they make at the end?	text	2	one	1
making omelette	4	When were the eggs add to the pan to make the omelette?	text	after the cheese was added	after the pan is warmed up	1
making omelette	5	Where did they make the omelette?	commonsense	Kitchen	in the bedroom	0
making omelette	6	When did they add the eggs to the pan?	text	After the pan warmed up	after they ate	0
making omelette	7	What utensils were used to cook the food?	text	A knife and a spatula	a blender	0
making omelette	8	Was the omelette sweet?	commonsense	yes	no	1
making omelette	9	Where did they put the omelette after it was cooked?	text	a plate	in  a bowl	0
making omelette	10	Was the omelette undercooked?	commonsense	no	yes	0
making omelette	11	Who was the omelette for?	text	narrator	Their children	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Who did the vacuuming?	text	The wife.	The narrator.	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	What was the first thing they did?	text	Remove snow.	Vacuum.	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	He did, now his kids do.	His wife.	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Who was visiting the house?	text	Adult children.	Ex wife.	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	When did they start vacuuming?	text	When they were younger.	As a child.	0
doing laundry	0	Why did they need to do laundry?	text	Because all their clothes were dirty	it was laundry day	0
doing laundry	1	Who had laundry to be washed?	text	The author	a neighbor	0
doing laundry	2	What machine was used first to do laundry?	text	Dryer machine	washing machine	1
doing laundry	3	When did they do laundry?	text	when they had nothing to wear	When half of the clothes were dirty	0
changing a baby diaper	0	Where did they change the diaper?	commonsense	In the kitchen.	bathroom	1
changing a baby diaper	1	What type of diaper did they use?	commonsense	A disposable diaper.	A cloth diaper.	0
changing a baby diaper	2	Why did they have to change the diaper?	commonsense	Because the baby pooped	it was clean	0
changing a baby diaper	3	Where was the baby when the diaper was being changed?	text	On a changing table	On the floor on a mat	0
changing a baby diaper	4	Where was the diaper changed?	text	Home	In the baby's crib	0
mowing the lawn	0	Was it a gas mower?	text	yes	no	0
mowing the lawn	1	How long can they go between mowing?	commonsense	One week.	Two weeks.	0
mowing the lawn	2	How many people were mowing the lawn?	text	One.	Two.	0
mowing the lawn	3	Did they enjoy mowing the lawn?	text	no	yes	1
mowing the lawn	4	When did the grass get mowed?	text	Every Saturday morning.	every Friday	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Why do you need to have a flame to cook?	commonsense	To start an engine	To create heat	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Did they have anyone else with them while they were cooking?	commonsense	10 friends	No	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	when did they turn the stove on?	text	After they filled the pan with food.	before they got the left overs out of the fridge	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	What appliance is being used?	text	the fridge and the stove	a microwave	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Where were they heating the food?	text	In the microwave	At home	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	What time were they heating the food?	text	Dinner.	Lunch time	1
heating food on kitchen gas	6	Why were they cooking?	text	They were hungry.	To make dinner	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	how did they heat the food?	text	In the microwave.	They used a gas stove.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	8	How many different foods were being made?	text	Three different kinds of food.	They made five different kinds of food.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	9	Was the food being made for a pet?	text	Yes, it was for their dog.	No, it was for the person telling the story.	1
renovating a room	0	Did they hire a professional?	text	No.	yes	0
renovating a room	1	Which room was being renovated?	text	Kitchen	Dining room	1
going grocery shopping	0	Did they use a shopping cart?	text	yes	no a hand basket	0
going grocery shopping	1	Did they have a list?	text	yes	no	0
going grocery shopping	2	Did they need a cart to get their items to the car?	commonsense	no	yes	1
throwing a party	0	Why did they throw a party?	text	for birthday	first day of school	0
throwing a party	1	Was the party indoors or outdoors?	text	indoors	outdoors	0
throwing a party	2	Was the room decorated nicely?	commonsense	yes	no	0
throwing a party	3	Did they have fun?	commonsense	yes	no	0
throwing a party	4	Who was the party for?	text	their mother	their sister	1
feeding the fish	0	How many fish do they have?	text	4 fish.	2	0
feeding the fish	1	Did they see anything other than fish in the water?	commonsense	no	yes	0
feeding the fish	2	How are the fish fed?	text	by sprinkling two tablespoons of flaked fish food over the top of the fish tank	hand fed by allowing the fish to swim to the top	0
feeding the fish	3	Who buys the fish food?	commonsense	The narrator bought the fish food.	Their owner	1
feeding the fish	5	Are the fish in the same place?	commonsense	no	yes	1
feeding the fish	6	Will the fish know how to eat?	commonsense	No, the fish have not learned how to eat yet.	Yes, the fish know how to eat.	1
feeding the fish	7	What kind of fish did they feed?	text	goldfish	Trout	0
washing clothes	0	What time did they start washing the clothes?	text	When they woke up	Before bedtime	0
washing clothes	1	How long did it take them to load the washer?	commonsense	a couple hours	Not long	1
washing clothes	2	Where was the washer located?	text	the bathroom	Laundry room	1
washing clothes	3	Did they use a machine to wash the clothes?	text	No	Yes	1
washing clothes	4	Where were they doing the washing?	text	laundry room	the bathroom	0
washing clothes	5	Was the machine loud?	commonsense	yes	no	1
washing clothes	6	When did they start?	commonsense	In the morning	when she pushed the stop button	0
chopping vegetables	0	What did they do after they chopped the vegetables?	text	Saved in the refrigerator for later in the week	put them in a stew	0
chopping vegetables	1	Why were they chopping the food up?	text	to have them done already for the week	to serve to others.	0
chopping vegetables	2	Who chopped the veggies?	text	Speaker	they came already cut up	0
chopping vegetables	3	Are the vegetables apart of a recipe?	text	Yes, from Julia Child	Some of them were	1
chopping vegetables	4	Why were they chopping the vegetables?	text	to have them done already for the week	for supper	0
chopping vegetables	5	Why did they chop vegetables?	text	So the guinea pig could feed itself	they wanted o prepare them so they'd be ready to eat	1
chopping vegetables	6	When did they wash the vegetables?	commonsense	before they cut the vegetables	after they were cooked	0
chopping vegetables	7	Were they chopped into big or small pieces?	text	All the veggies were cut into thin round slices	some were cut in small pieces, and some were cut in bigger pieces	1
chopping vegetables	8	Will we be chopping them into small or large chunks?	text	All of the veggies were cut into big chunks	Some were in big chunks and some were in small chunks	1
chopping vegetables	9	Why did they choose a sharp knife?	commonsense	To make chopping dangerous	To facilitate the chopping process	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Who helped wash their hair?	text	A neighbor	no one	1
washing one¡¯s hair	1	How do they wash their hair?	text	with shampoo, conditioner and leave in conditioner ... in other words: the right way!	with water only	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Would they do it again?	commonsense	No, they will not wash their hair.	yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Did someone wash their hair for them or did they do it themselves?	text	yes other people clean it	themselves	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did they wash their hair because it was dirty?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing one¡¯s hair	5	How long was the conditioner left in?	text	A few minutes.	An hour.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	6	Where did they wash their hair?	text	in the shower	In the sink.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	7	Were they in a shower, a tub, or a sink?	text	a shower	bathtub	0
cleaning the floor	0	What time of day did they clean?	text	Night	morning	1
cleaning the floor	1	When did they start cleaning the floor?	text	When they saw it was dirty	evening	0
cleaning the floor	2	Did they clean the floor alone or with someone else?	text	alone	With their mother	0
cleaning the floor	3	Who helped them clean the floor?	text	We	no one else helped	1
cleaning the floor	4	What are they cleaning?	text	The walls.	The floor.	1
cleaning the floor	5	Where in the house is the floor located?	commonsense	basement	Kitchen.	1
cleaning the floor	6	Did anybody help them?	text	yes	no	1
making soup	0	What was in the soup?	text	tomato soup, beef, macaroni	chicken, vegetables, spices and noodles, although she never mentions noodles but called it chicken noodle soup	1
making soup	1	How was the soup made?	text	in the oven	from scratch	1
making soup	2	What was the first step in making the soup?	text	boiling the stock	adding chicken	0
making soup	3	What was the base of the soup?	text	chicken broth	beef stock	0
making soup	4	Was the soup for someone who was sick?	text	No, it was for themselves.	Yes, it was for their mother.	1
making omelette	0	Did anyone help make the omelette?	text	Yes, their mom did.	No, they made it themselves.	1
making omelette	1	What vegetables were put in the omelette?	text	onions mushrooms and peppers	None	1
making omelette	2	Was it a lot of work to make an omelette?	commonsense	No, it is not a lot of work.	Yes, it is very difficult.	0
making omelette	3	What kind of cheese did they use in their omelette?	text	cheddar cheese	They didn't add cheese.	0
making omelette	4	Why did they wait until the eggs weren't runny to flip the omelette?	commonsense	So it wouldn't fall apart.	They like their eggs hard.	0
making omelette	5	How many omelettes did they make at the end?	commonsense	One	two	0
laying flooring in a room	0	Who laid the flooring?	text	Workers	The family.	1
laying flooring in a room	1	Whose house was this?	text	Theirs.	Mom's.	0
laying flooring in a room	2	What did they do before they started to work?	text	measure the room and order the flooring	took a break	0
laying flooring in a room	3	why does the floor look bad?	text	it had paint	the carpet was old	1
laying flooring in a room	4	When did they start laying the flooring?	text	before removing the carpet	after they laid down the underlay mat	1
laying flooring in a room	5	How did they lay flooring?	text	they glued them on top of the old floor	by locking the pieces together	1
laying flooring in a room	6	when are they going to start?	text	after picking up the new floor	In evening.	0
laying flooring in a room	7	What did they do first?	text	paint the floor	measure the room	1
packing a suitcase	0	Is anyone else helping them pack?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
packing a suitcase	1	Who was packing the suitcase?	text	the speaker	A person who was staying home.	0
packing a suitcase	2	How long did it take to pack the suitcase?	commonsense	all day	A short time.	1
packing a suitcase	3	Why are they taking the suitcase?	text	They were going to college.	To carry their belongings in.	1
packing a suitcase	4	when did they finish packing the suitcase?	text	after adding the towels	Before they added two beach towels	0
packing a suitcase	5	Is one suitcase enough?	text	yes	No.	0
visiting a museum	0	How many people were in the group visiting the museum?	text	six	4	1
visiting a museum	1	Did the museum have sculptures?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
visiting a museum	2	Why did they go to the museum?	commonsense	museums aren't fun at all	museums are interesting	1
going on a train	0	Where were they going?	text	Florida	Texas	0
going on a train	1	Where were they traveling to?	text	Florida	California	0
going on a train	2	Why did they travel by train?	text	They loved trains	Their car had broken down	0
going on a train	3	Where did they travel to?	text	Virginia	Florida	1
going to the dentist	0	Did they like the dentist?	text	no, they were scared of the dentist	yes, they knew they would get along just fine	1
going to the dentist	1	What did the dentist do for them?	text	Clean their teeth	filled a cavity	0
going to the dentist	2	Did it hurt them to have the dentist clean their teeth?	commonsense	yes	no	1
going to the dentist	3	Why did they go to the dentist?	text	to get a cavity filled	to have their teeth checked and cleaned	1
preparing a picnic	0	Is the picnic in a park?	text	Yes, the picnic was in a park.	No, the picnic was at the beach.	0
preparing a picnic	1	Where did they eat the picnic?	text	park	in the backyard	0
preparing a picnic	2	What type of carrier are they packing?	text	Cooler for the drinks	picnic basket	0
preparing a picnic	3	Who is packing the picnic?	text	The parent.	the kids	0
preparing a picnic	4	Where will the picnic be?	text	on the beach	At the park.	1
preparing a picnic	5	Who was going to the picnic?	text	the author and their kids	the neighbors	0
flying in a plane	0	Who took the flight?	text	my cousin	the storyteller	1
flying in a plane	1	Why did they take the flight?	text	to enjoy the scenery	to visit their friends	1
working in the garden	0	Does the garden look nice to them?	commonsense	no	yes	1
working in the garden	1	Whose garden did they work in?	text	their neighbors	their own	1
working in the garden	2	Is it a vegetable or flower garden?	text	flower	vegetable	1
working in the garden	4	What were they doing in the garden?	text	just weeding	planting and weeding, picking	1
working in the garden	5	Are there flowers in the garden?	commonsense	no	yes	0
working in the garden	6	What was the weather like at the garden?	commonsense	raining	Sunny and hot	1
taking a shower	0	Who was taking the shower?	text	The narrator.	Their wife.	0
taking a shower	1	What time did they take their shower?	text	Evening.	morning time	1
taking a shower	2	Why didn't they stay in the shower for a long time?	text	water got cold	waste water	0
taking a shower	3	How was the shower?	text	o.k.	Refreshing.	1
taking a shower	4	How did they get into the shower?	text	they stepped in	they hopped in	0
taking a shower	5	Did they use soap or liquid body wash?	text	soap	liquid body wash	0
renovating a room	0	Were any walls torn down?	text	No	Yes	0
renovating a room	1	Who renovated it?	text	narrator	Her son	0
renovating a room	2	Who helped them?	commonsense	a team of contractors	No one.	1
renovating a room	3	Were they working alone?	commonsense	yes	no	0
renovating a room	4	How much were they being paid to do the work?	commonsense	a hundred dollars	nothing	1
renovating a room	5	How did they renovate the room?	text	new wallpaper	by making plans and carrying them out	1
ironing laundry	0	Why do they need a ironing board?	commonsense	To stand on while ironing.	to keep the shirts flat	1
ironing laundry	1	Can they sit down and still iron?	commonsense	no	yes	1
ironing laundry	2	were the clothes dirty or clean?	text	dirty	clean	1
ironing laundry	3	What types of clothes were they ironing?	text	All the clothes, even one with a tag not to iron.	The ones that were wrinkled and didn't say not to.	1
ironing laundry	4	what was ironed?	text	pants	a shirt	1
ironing laundry	5	When did they turn off the iron?	commonsense	in the middle of ironing	when they finished ironing	1
ironing laundry	6	did they plug in the iron properly?	commonsense	no	yes	1
going on a date	0	Did they already know each other?	commonsense	yes, they are dating	no they are strangers	0
going on a date	1	When did the date start?	text	Dinnertime	right after work	0
going on a date	2	Did they have a great time on that date?	text	yes, they had a great time on the date	no, it was bad	0
laying flooring in a room	0	why did they lay the flooring?	text	They didn't lay any flooring	because they wanted new flooring in their home	1
laying flooring in a room	1	were they concentrated on their work?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
laying flooring in a room	2	do you have to take everything out first?	text	Yes	No	0
laying flooring in a room	3	Were the boxes of material heavy?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
laying flooring in a room	4	How did they take out the old flooring?	text	with an axe	Broke it apart with hammer	1
papering a room	0	When will they paper the room?	text	10 a.m.	10 p.m.	0
papering a room	1	How many hours did they work?	text	5 hours.	About 3 hours	1
papering a room	2	Did they enjoy papering the room?	text	No.	yes	1
papering a room	3	How long did it take to put the paper up?	text	3 hours	5 hours.	0
papering a room	4	What color was the wallpaper?	text	Brown	blue	1
papering a room	5	What color was the paper?	text	yellow	blue	1
going to the theater	0	Where did they go to see the movie?	text	a parking lot	local theater	1
going to the theater	1	What time does the show start?	text	7:30pm	9:00pm	0
going to the theater	2	How did they get tickets?	text	bought online	bought them at the box office	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	Did the alarm clock still work?	text	Yes, it was also plugged in to the wall. The batteries were just a back up precaution.	No, the cord shorted out and the batteries were dead.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	Is this a quick project?	commonsense	No	It can be quick if the batteries are at hand.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	Why did they need to change the batteries?	commonsense	The batteries died	The batteries were leaking	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	How difficult was it to change the batteries?	commonsense	Fairly difficult	Fairly easy	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	How did they open the battery compartment of the clock?	text	With a screwdriver	They pushed a tab	1
working in the garden	0	Where was the garden?	commonsense	In the city park	Assuming at their home	1
working in the garden	1	Are they done working in the garden?	text	no, they have more to do	yes, they finished and wiped off their jeans and went inside	1
unloading the dishwasher	0	Were the dishes fully dry or were they still wet?	commonsense	Still wet	Fully dry	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	the narrator	their mom	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	What was in the dishwasher?	text	clothes	Cups,dishes and silverware	1
unloading the dishwasher	3	Where did they put the dishes?	text	in the sink	cabinets and drawers	1
unloading the dishwasher	4	Was the dishwasher in a restaurant?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Where did they unload the dishwasher?	commonsense	In the kitchen	the bathroom	0
setting the dining table	0	When did they clean the dining table?	text	After they put away what didn't belong.	After it was set	0
setting the dining table	1	What did they put on the table first?	text	Plates	Decorations.	1
setting the dining table	2	Who is cooking the dinner?	commonsense	The narrator	it didn't say.	0
setting the dining table	3	Who set the table?	text	family	The narrator.	1
setting the dining table	4	Did they try to be decorative or functional?	commonsense	Both.	it didn't say.	0
setting the dining table	5	Did they feel that the job done was correctly performed?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
cleaning the shower	0	Where are they cleaning the shower?	text	kitchen	In their home	1
cleaning the shower	1	Will they need to clean the shower again?	commonsense	Yes, the next Sunday.	No	0
cleaning the shower	2	What did they use to help them clean?	text	Bleach and a rag	spray cleaner	1
cleaning the shower	3	What did the shower look like before they cleaned it?	text	it "showed signs it needed attention"	it was fairly clean	0
cleaning the shower	4	why are they cleaning it?	text	It needed cleaning.	They were bored and had nothing to do.	0
cleaning the shower	5	How did they begin the cleaning process?	text	wiped sides of tub	took trash out	0
cleaning the shower	6	How many people cleaned the shower?	text	Two	one, the story teller	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	What kind of food was it?	text	Chinese take out.	A steak, a baked potato and a shrimp salad.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	Where was the order taken when they complained?	text	at the table	Dennys	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	What food did they order?	text	The food portion of their meal was a steak, medium rare and a baked potato, plus a salad add shrimp.	Two Sprites	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	Were they upset about sending the food back?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	How many people were dining together?	text	Four people, the girls had brought their husbands.	Two, the narrator and her friend Jill	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	What did they order to eat?	text	A chicken sandwich and a Caesar salad.	A steak, a baked potato and a shrimp salad	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	Why did they send back the order?	text	The food was cold	The order was wrong	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	7	Did they need the food prepared in a special way?	text	Yes	No, anything was fine for them	0
folding clothes	0	Were they folding clothes for themselves or someone else?	text	someone else.	themself	1
folding clothes	1	Did anyone help them with folding the clothes?	text	No.	yes	1
doing laundry	0	Were the clothes hung on a line outside to dry?	text	Yes	no, they used a dryer	1
doing laundry	1	Where did they do the laundry ?	text	Home	in the backyard	0
doing laundry	2	How did they do the laundry?	text	In washing machine and dryer	he sent it all to the dry cleaners	0
doing laundry	3	How dirty was the shirt	text	it was stained with ice cream	It was clean.	0
doing laundry	4	How many loads of laundry were washed and dried?	text	three	12 loads	0
doing laundry	5	Where were they doing laundry?	commonsense	At the laundromat	At home	1
doing laundry	6	why did they do the laundry?	text	They felt like it	Their favorite shirt was dirty	1
going to the dentist	0	Who went to the dentist?	text	their child did	speaker	1
going to the dentist	1	How long did the dentist appointment take?	text	not long	very long	0
going to the dentist	2	Who cleaned their teeth?	text	dentist	the dental hygienist	1
going to the dentist	3	When did they go to the dentist?	text	9:00 a.m.	in the evening	0
going to the dentist	4	Did he do anything else to their teeth?	text	whiten	no	1
going to the dentist	5	What was the reason for the visit?	text	It was time for semi-annual checkup and cleaning	for surgery	0
going to the dentist	6	How many dental assistants were in the room with them?	text	just one	five	0
renting a movie	0	Where did they rent the movie from?	text	They rented it online	a rental box at the store	1
renting a movie	1	When did they start watching the movie they rented?	commonsense	The next evening	As soon as they got it home	1
renting a movie	2	Was the movie rented online?	text	no, at a box rental at a store	Yes	0
renting a movie	3	Why did they rent the movie?	text	There was nothing good on T.V.	There was a movie they had been wanting to see.	0
renting a movie	4	How did they choose which movie to rent?	text	they looked at the list	they tossed a coin	0
renting a movie	5	Did they go to a video store?	text	No.	Yes	0
renting a movie	6	Where did they go to rent the movie?	text	A movie rental store	a store with a rental box	1
renting a movie	7	Did they go to a store to rent the movie?	text	yes, a store with a rental box	No	0
renting a movie	8	Why did they decide to rent a movie?	text	there was a great movie on TV	They wanted to see a movie and there was nothing on T.V.	1
washing clothes	0	Why did they add detergent?	commonsense	To clean the clothes	Because they didn't have shampoo.	0
washing clothes	1	Where were they washing the clothes?	text	in the dryer	at home	1
washing clothes	2	Did all the clothes come clean?	commonsense	yes	No they were dirty.	0
washing clothes	3	What day of the week do they wash the clothes?	text	Wednesday and Saturday.	Mon and Thurs	1
washing clothes	4	What type of clothes was being washed?	text	women's, men's and children's	just towels, no clothes	0
washing clothes	5	How often are the closed washed?	text	once a month	twice a week, Mon and Thurs	1
washing clothes	6	How often does this happen?	text	Twice a week.	not often	0
washing clothes	7	Where did they keep the hamper?	text	bathrooms	Kitchen.	0
renting a movie	0	Why did they decide to rent a movie?	text	To save money	they didn't watch a movie	0
renting a movie	1	Is it a funny movie?	text	No, it was a horror movie.	No, it was a drama.	1
renting a movie	2	How many movies did they rent?	text	one	Two	0
renting a movie	3	How was the movie?	text	Good.	Overrated	1
renting a movie	4	Was it a Disney movie?	text	No, it was a drama.	Yes, Snow White.	0
renting a movie	5	who rented the movie?	text	A couple	just the narrator	0
taking a photograph	0	Did their arm get sore holding the camera?	commonsense	yes	no	1
taking a photograph	1	Are they contented on what they took?	text	No they decided to retake the pictures later.	yes very	1
taking a photograph	2	Where are they taking the photograph?	text	the smokey mountains	Rocky Mountain	0
taking a photograph	3	Were they a professional photographer?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a photograph	4	Was the person taking the picture nice?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a photograph	5	Was it taken with an expensive camera?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
answering the phone	0	When did the person call?	text	They called in the morning.	They called in the evening.	0
answering the phone	1	Who called them?	text	Their boss called them.	Their friend called them.	1
answering the phone	2	Why did the caller call that person?	text	to tell about an emergency	They called to chat.	1
answering the phone	3	Why was the caller calling this person?	commonsense	to hang up on them	They called to chat.	1
answering the phone	4	When was the phone answered?	text	It was answered in the evening.	while it was ringing	1
answering the phone	5	Was the phone answered in the morning?	text	Yes it was.	No it wasn't.	0
answering the phone	6	Why were they happy after the call?	commonsense	They enjoyed talking with their friend	it was sunny out	0
answering the phone	7	Where were they when they answered the phone?	text	They were at home.	They were at work.	0
answering the phone	8	Why did they pick up the phone?	text	To talk to their friend.	To make a call	0
answering the phone	9	Did they run to answer the phone?	text	No they did not run.	Yes they did run.	1
answering the phone	10	Was it a cell phone or a regular phone?	commonsense	Cell phone	regular phone	0
cleaning the bathroom	0	Was a brush used to clean the toilet?	text	No, they used a rag.	Yes, they used a brush.	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	Were the floors clean?	text	No.	Yes	1
cleaning the bathroom	2	Did the bathroom have a bathtub?	text	No, there's no bathtub.	Yes, there is a bathtub.	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	What type of building was the bathroom located in?	commonsense	A house	It was at their work.	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	What did they use to clean the bathroom floor?	text	A mop and disinfecting wipe	Wet towel	0
cleaning the bathroom	5	Why did the bathroom need cleaning?	commonsense	It was Thursday.	Because it was dirty.	1
cleaning the bathroom	6	Did they clean the bathtub?	text	Yes, they cleaned the bathtub.	No, there was no bathtub.	0
cleaning the bathroom	7	What did they use to wipe down the sink?	text	Glass Polish	A wet rag.	1
getting a haircut	0	Why did they need a haircut?	text	it had been over 6 months	they were going to a party	0
getting a haircut	1	Who got their hair cut?	text	The stylist	The story teller	1
getting a haircut	2	Does the stylist's chair go up and down?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
getting a haircut	3	Did they get their hair washed?	text	No.	Yes	1
getting a haircut	4	Did they like their hair cut?	text	No	Yes	1
getting a haircut	5	How short was their hair after the barber was done?	text	10 inches shorter	An inch shorter than it was before	1
getting a haircut	6	Did they blow-dry their hair?	text	Yes	No.	1
getting a haircut	7	Who is getting a haircut?	text	The hair stylist	The person telling the story	1
getting a haircut	8	How long did it take to cut their hair?	text	hours	not long	1
making a flight reservation	0	Why are they traveling?	text	for vacation	for business	0
making a flight reservation	1	Why do they need to fly by air vs. other means of transportation?	text	The destination  was too far to drive or walk.	because they were afraid to drive	0
making a flight reservation	2	Who made the reservations?	text	The Author	the neighbor	0
making a flight reservation	3	Why was the reservation made?	commonsense	to impress their friends	to reserve a seat	1
making a flight reservation	4	Were the tickets round trip?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making a flight reservation	5	Why did they want to fly?	text	because they hate driving	it was too far to drive	1
making soup	0	Did they cut up ingredients beforehand?	text	no	yes, vegetables	1
making soup	1	Were they wearing oven mitts?	commonsense	yes	no	1
making soup	2	Do they need chicken from the store?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making soup	3	What kind of soup was it?	text	Beef broccoli	Chicken noodle	1
making soup	4	Why were they in the kitchen?	text	They were cooking.	to do the dishes	0
making soup	5	When did they start chopping the vegetables?	commonsense	It didn't say.	prior to making the soup	1
paying bills	0	What type of bills are they paying?	text	house	business	0
paying bills	1	When did they receive the bills?	text	In the evening.	In the morning.	1
paying bills	2	How long did it take them to pay the bills?	commonsense	a few days	maybe 20 min	1
paying bills	3	When are they paying the bills?	text	right away	next month	0
paying bills	4	Who sent the bills?	text	the parents	all of his creditors	1
paying bills	5	How did they pay their bills?	text	online	in person	0
cleaning the table	0	How did the table get so messy?	text	the cat jumped on the table	There was a mess from dinner	1
cleaning the table	1	How did they clean the table?	text	Wiped it once	With 409	1
cleaning the table	2	What cleaner are they using to clean?	text	a home based 409 cleaner	bleach	0
cleaning the table	3	When did they clean the table?	text	before we ate	After a meal	1
cleaning the table	4	How did they decide that the table needed to be cleaned?	commonsense	They had just eaten	It looked very dirty	0
cleaning the table	5	What did they clean the table with?	text	409 Cleaner and a rag	Bleach	0
cleaning the table	6	Why did they clean the table?	commonsense	They had just eaten	The table had to look good	0
changing a baby diaper	0	Where was the baby changed?	text	On the ground	on a flat surface	1
changing a baby diaper	1	How long did it take to change the diaper?	commonsense	a few minutes	an hour or so.	0
changing a baby diaper	2	How did the baby behave after the diaper was changed?	text	she was sleepy	she was happy again.	1
changing a baby diaper	3	Did they throw away the old diaper?	text	no they kept it in the hamper.	yes they did throw it in the trash.	1
changing a baby diaper	4	Where were the diapers kept?	text	the basement	in the baby room	0
changing a baby diaper	5	Where was the diaper changed?	text	in the car	on a flat surface	1
changing a baby diaper	6	Why did they use baby powder?	text	to make the baby smell good.	To give them a softer butt	1
changing a baby diaper	7	How long until they have to change the diaper again?	commonsense	after dinner.	Less than two hours	1
changing a baby diaper	8	Who changed the baby diaper?	text	The parents	The baby sitter	0
changing a baby diaper	9	Who realized that the diaper needed a change?	text	the grandpa	The parent	1
changing a baby diaper	10	what is there relation to the child?	text	the neighbor	parent	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	What was wrong with the order?	text	It was cold	bad taste	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	Why did they not finish their appetizers?	text	It was the wrong order.	its not good	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	Have they paid for the food?	text	No	Yes	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	Where did they sit?	text	In the dining room	Outside on a porch	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	Were they satisfied with their meal?	text	No	Yes	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	Will they return to the restaurant in the future?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
feeding the fish	0	Where did they feed them?	text	At school	in the park at a pond	1
feeding the fish	1	Where was the fish?	text	In the water at the park	at the zoo in a tank	0
feeding the fish	2	Where are the fish located?	text	At school	in a pond in the park	1
feeding the fish	3	How do they feed the fish?	text	They got fish food from the store and threw it in the water.	breaking up bread and tossing it in the water	1
feeding the fish	4	How did they give the fish the food?	text	They sprinkled fish food in the water.	Tossed food to the fish	1
feeding the fish	5	Where did they feed the fish?	text	In a pond inside the park	At school	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	How long were they at the library?	commonsense	not long	One minute	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	How did they get to the library?	text	They took the bus to the library.	Walking	1
borrowing a book from the library	2	How many books did they get at the library?	text	They borrowed three books	They borrowed one book.	1
borrowing a book from the library	3	How many books did they borrow?	text	They borrowed one book.	They borrow any books.	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	Why did they borrow a book?	text	They borrowed a book to read with their relative.	They bought a book for school.	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	Who did they ask for help?	text	no one	They asked the librarian to help them find the book.	0
borrowing a book from the library	6	Did they have to pay anything to borrow the book?	text	yes	no	1
throwing a party	0	Who bought the drinks for the party?	text	The main character	their friends did	0
throwing a party	1	How did the party go?	text	it was bad	excellent	1
throwing a party	2	Why did the party get thrown?	text	to celebrate a birthday	It was Christmas	0
throwing a party	3	What kinds of entertainment were at the party?	text	dancing	Games	0
throwing a party	4	How did they decorate for the party?	text	with streamers and balloons.	just balloons	0
throwing a party	5	Why did the party last so long?	commonsense	that's how long the food lasted	they were having fun?	1
throwing a party	6	Was there food and drinks at the party?	text	yes	no	0
throwing a party	7	Who came to the party?	text	Family	their friends	1
throwing a party	8	Why did they throw a party?	text	for their birthday	for a holiday	0
throwing a party	9	How long did the party last?	text	until late night	an hour	0
changing bed sheets	0	Who's bed sheets were being changed?	text	A child's sheets were being changed.	The narrator	1
changing bed sheets	1	Were the bedsheets dirty?	commonsense	No they were clean.	Yes they needed their weekly wash.	1
changing bed sheets	2	Do they change them overnight and sleep without sheets?	text	yes they sleep without sheets	No, they sleep with sheets.	1
changing bed sheets	3	When did they change the sheets?	text	A week after previously changing them	On New Year's Day	0
changing bed sheets	4	Did the new bed sheets look clean?	commonsense	Probably	no they used dirty sheets	0
changing bed sheets	5	Who helped change the sheets?	text	No one they change the sheets without help	A friend helped change the sheets.	0
changing bed sheets	6	Why did they need fresh sheets?	commonsense	Sheets must be changed regularly	Someone spilled a drink on the bed	0
changing bed sheets	7	How many sheets were there?	text	There were four sheet altogether	There was only 1 sheet.	0
changing bed sheets	8	who changed the sheets?	text	the maid	Speaker	1
changing bed sheets	9	What happened to their last set of sheets?	text	They were in need of their weekly wash.	They were torn.	0
planting a tree	0	Who wanted them to plant the tree?	commonsense	The mayor	Themselves	1
planting a tree	1	Where did they plant the tree?	text	In their backyard	off to the side of the park	1
planting a tree	2	Did they check to see if the tree needs sun or shade?	commonsense	no	yes	1
planting a tree	3	Was the tree in someone's backyard?	text	yes	No, it was at the park	1
calling 911	0	Who called 911?	text	A friend of the woman	the author	1
calling 911	1	How long after calling did responders show up?	text	soon after calling 911	over ten minutes	0
calling 911	2	Who was involved in the incident that led to calling 911?	text	A man who'd been attacked by a shark	a woman swimming at the beach	1
calling 911	3	What did the 911 dispatcher say to do?	text	Swim out to rescue her	To stay calm and not to risk their own life.	1
calling 911	4	Who was the reason they called 911?	text	The woman in the ocean	a child on the beach	0
calling 911	5	Was the caller able to explain things carefully to the dispatcher?	text	Yes	No	0
calling 911	6	Who responded to the call?	text	a policewoman	Paramedics	0
calling 911	7	How did the caller realize that there was an emergency?	text	Someone told her to call	they saw a woman struggling to swim to shore	1
calling 911	8	Why did they call?	text	woman was drowning	woman was bit by a shark	0
calling 911	9	Was the 911 operator helpful?	text	no	yes	1
calling 911	10	How many people were involved with the accident?	text	One	Five	0
visiting relatives	0	Do they want o come back again?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
visiting relatives	1	How are they related to them?	text	they are aunts, uncles, and cousins	It is their mom and dad.	0
visiting relatives	2	Do the want to visit again someday?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
visiting relatives	3	Who are they visiting?	text	They are visiting family.	their mom	0
visiting relatives	4	How did they arrive?	text	They flew and then rented a car.	bus	0
visiting relatives	5	What did they do before they visited them?	text	Filled the car with gas	Book flight, take time off work, rented a car	1
cooking fish	0	Where were they going to cook the fish?	text	They cooked it at home	Stove	0
cooking fish	1	What kind of fish did they eat?	text	perch	Salmon.	1
cooking fish	2	Where did the fish come from?	text	It fell on her porch	A store on her way home from work	1
cooking fish	3	Did they need to cook anything else to go with the fish?	text	yes they cooked vegetables	no they had the fish alone	0
cooking fish	4	Where did they cook the fish?	text	store	home	1
cooking fish	5	How did they prepare the fish?	text	They put the slices of salmon on the grill.	Baking	0
cooking fish	6	when did they start cooking?	commonsense	after they got off work at dinnertime	early in the morning	0
going dancing	0	Did they take a taxi to the club?	text	Yes	No.	0
going dancing	1	How did they get to the place they went dancing?	text	They took a cab	a bus	0
going dancing	2	Who did they go with?	text	Their best friend	People from the hotel	0
going dancing	3	How long did they dance?	text	They danced until the sun came up	They danced for 5 minutes	0
going dancing	4	Where did they go dancing?	text	Club planet hollywood?	Tao	1
going dancing	5	Why did they go dancing?	text	Because they want to dance	they wanted to stay home	0
sewing a button	0	Who was sewing the button?	text	Child	Their mom sewed it on.	0
sewing a button	1	Where were they when they sewed on the button?	text	at school	They sewed the button at home.	1
sewing a button	2	What kind of button did they use?	text	The same button that was missing.	A button similar to the one they lost.	1
sewing a button	3	Did they have lunch after sewing on the button?	commonsense	no	yes	0
sewing a button	4	is it the same button or a different one	text	It was the same one.	different one	1
sewing a button	5	Why did they need to sew the button?	text	Because it fell off.	Because it was loose.	0
sewing a button	6	Were they using colored thread?	text	No, they used clear thread.	Yes, it was colored thread.	1
washing dishes	0	Did these people use the dishes earlier?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing dishes	1	Did they dry them properly?	commonsense	no	yes	1
washing dishes	2	Did they dry the dishes or let them air dry on a rack?	text	you can do either	they towel dried them	0
washing dishes	3	Where did the dirty dishes come from they are washing?	commonsense	Sink	Dinner	1
washing dishes	4	Where did they put the dishes after they were dry?	text	counter	back where they belong	1
washing dishes	5	Did they wash any cups?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing dishes	6	were the dishes washed everyday?	commonsense	no	yes	1
washing dishes	7	Who dirtied the dishes?	commonsense	their dog	the narrator and his family	1
papering a room	0	Did they paper the ceiling?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
papering a room	1	Why did they need to paper the room?	text	they were remodeling	there was mold all over the walls	0
papering a room	2	When will they paper the room?	commonsense	The next day when the wall is dry.	next week	0
papering a room	3	Who is papering the room?	text	Homeowner	Landlord	0
papering a room	4	How does the new paper look?	commonsense	Good	Terrible	0
cleaning up toys	0	Who played with the toys?	commonsense	The children	The adults	0
cleaning up toys	1	Where did they put the toys away?	text	under the bed	Back where they were previously	1
cleaning up toys	2	Where were the toys at?	text	On the floor	all in one place	0
cleaning up toys	3	Was cleaning up the toys part of the chores?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
cleaning up toys	4	Was the person who picked up the toys the same person who left them out?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning up toys	5	Where were the toys left out?	text	On a table	On the floor	1
cleaning up toys	6	Why were the toys on the floor?	text	the dog pulled them out	They were playing with the toys	1
cleaning up toys	7	Why did they have to clean up the toys?	text	So they won't get lost or in the way	Because they were told to	0
cleaning up toys	8	Were the toys for a young child?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
cleaning up toys	9	Who did the toys belong to?	commonsense	Someone else	The children	1
cleaning up toys	10	Where did the toys belong?	text	In the closet	In their designated spots	1
cleaning up toys	11	Whose toys were they?	commonsense	Their cousin's	The children's	1
cooking fish	0	Did anyone enjoy the fish?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
cooking fish	1	What time did they cook the fish?	text	At dinner time.	Lunch time	0
cooking fish	2	Who cooked the fish?	text	The person telling the story.	The mother of the story teller	0
cooking fish	3	where was it cooked?	text	home	In the oven	0
cooking fish	4	when did they start cooking?	text	At dinner time.	lunch time	0
cooking fish	5	Who are they cooking the fish for?	text	Themselves	the church	0
cooking fish	6	What did they use to season the fish?	text	Olive oil and lemon.	pepper	0
renovating a room	0	Why did the room need to be renovated?	text	update the room	it was flooded	0
renovating a room	1	What kind of room was it?	text	Kitchen	Bedroom and bathroom	1
renovating a room	2	Who was the person working on the room?	text	The Author	random people from the side of the road	0
renovating a room	3	How long did it take to complete the job?	text	5 years	Five weekends	1
renovating a room	4	Why were they happy at the end of the renovation?	text	hated it	They loved their renovation	1
renovating a room	5	Why did they renovate the room?	text	It had a funny smell	freshen it up	1
renovating a room	6	What tools did they use?	commonsense	Hammer and nails	They used screw drivers	0
renovating a room	7	Who was going to be using the room?	text	son	The Author and her husband	1
going to the dentist	0	What flavor of tooth paste did they get?	text	"metallic toothpaste"	Bubble gum flavored.	0
going to the dentist	1	Where did they go?	text	the eye doctor	to the dentist	1
going to the dentist	2	Did they have any cavities?	commonsense	yes	no	1
going to the dentist	3	What was wrong with them?	text	They had a cavity.	Nothing, they just needed their teeth cleaned.	1
going to the dentist	4	When did they go to the dentist	text	At the beginning of the month.	Sometime at the end of the month.	1
going to the dentist	5	What procedure did the dentist do during the visit?	text	teeth cleaning	They filled a cavity.	0
ordering a pizza	0	How did they order the pizza?	text	telephone	in person	0
ordering a pizza	1	Did they eat at the restaurant?	text	no, at home	yes	0
ordering a pizza	2	What kind of pizza did they get?	commonsense	A variety of it, different kinds.	They did not order pizza	0
ordering a pizza	3	Why did they want their address?	commonsense	To deliver the pizzas	For the pizza to get eaten by the delivery man.	0
ordering a pizza	4	How many pizzas were there?	commonsense	A lot	100	0
laying flooring in a room	0	What tools did they use?	text	nail gun, saw, googles, nails and knee pads	just a hammer and nails	0
laying flooring in a room	1	Did anyone help them at all?	text	yes	no	1
laying flooring in a room	2	Did they hire a contractor?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
laying flooring in a room	3	Where did they get the new flooring?	text	at the store	Online	0
laying flooring in a room	4	did they rush through the work?	commonsense	no, they measured and laid out the work before doing the floor	yes, they didn't measure or count their boards	0
laying flooring in a room	5	can you fix a floor in any building?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
playing tennis	0	Did they wear tennis shoes?	commonsense	no	yes	1
playing tennis	1	Did they have fun?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
playing tennis	2	Who won the game?	text	the storyteller	their brother	1
playing tennis	3	Was the tennis court inside or outside?	commonsense	inside	outside	1
playing tennis	4	Were they wearing different clothes from each other or matching, like a team?	commonsense	different clothes	matching clothes	0
answering the phone	0	How long did the call last?	text	Several minutes	Over an hour	0
answering the phone	1	Where were they when they answered the phone?	text	home	In the car	0
answering the phone	2	What did they discuss on the phone?	text	They talked about food	Buying a jacket and flowers, and planting flowers	1
answering the phone	3	For what reason were they phoned?	commonsense	To be informed of a bill that is due.	Because their mother wanted to talk with them about their days.	1
answering the phone	4	How was the phone reception when they were talking?	commonsense	Clear	Poor	0
answering the phone	5	Was it a cell phone they answered?	commonsense	No it wasn't.	Yes it was.	0
answering the phone	6	Why was the person calling?	commonsense	To sell something.	To chat about their day.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Did they always do this on the same day of the week?	commonsense	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Was it an outdoor bag or an indoor bag?	text	outdoor	It was an indoor bag.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Was it a real garbage bag or a grocery bag?	text	It was a grocery bag.	It was a real garbage bag.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Which garbage bag did they replace?	text	The one that was overflowing	The bathroom garbage bag.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Who is changing the trash?	text	friend	The person telling the story.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	were they able to find the new bags?	text	No, they couldn't find any bags.	Yes, they put a new bag in.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	How many bags did they replace?	text	They replaced three bags.	The replaced one bag.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Were they at work or at home?	text	They were at work.	They were at home.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	Why did they take out the garbage?	text	It was full	it had a hole in it	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	9	Did the full bag break?	text	Yes, the bag broke.	No, the bag didn't break.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	10	How long did it take?	commonsense	all day	few minutes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	11	Why did they want to replace the garbage bag?	text	It was ripped	Because it was overflowing with garbage.	1
going to a shopping centre	0	Did they spend a lot of money?	commonsense	Yes, over $1,000	No, they spent less than $20.	1
going to a shopping centre	1	How did they get there?	text	They walked	They drove.	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Where where they shopping?	text	At the grocery store.	a shopping center	1
going to a shopping centre	3	What did they buy?	text	Blue jeans.	A pair of pink jeans.	1
going to a shopping centre	4	For what occasion were they shopping for?	text	To replace torn pants	For a funeral	0
flying in a plane	0	Was it a direct flight?	commonsense	no	yes	1
flying in a plane	1	How long will it take?	text	12 hours	8 hours	1
flying in a plane	2	Why are they going to the destination?	text	vacation	business	0
flying in a plane	3	Did they fly with anyone?	text	cousins	coworkers	0
flying in a plane	4	How long is the flight	text	8 hours	12 hours	0
flying in a plane	5	Did they fly on business?	commonsense	yes	no	1
flying in a plane	6	Why were they traveling?	text	vacation in Mexico	visit family	0
working in the garden	0	Where did they work in the garden?	text	The front yard	The backyard	1
working in the garden	1	Does the garden look nice to them?	commonsense	no it was a disaster	yes once they fixed it up	1
working in the garden	2	Where did they plant the garden?	text	in the backyard	The front yard	0
working in the garden	3	Were there lots of weeds in the garden?	text	no there weren't any	yes no one had tended it in a while	1
working in the garden	4	Did they pick anything from the garden?	commonsense	yes they picked watermelon	No	1
working in the garden	5	How did they work on the garden?	text	weeding, planting, watering	they didn't	0
working in the garden	6	Whose garden did they work in?	text	Their neighbors	theirs	1
getting a haircut	0	Will they do this again tomorrow?	commonsense	Yes, they cut their hair everyday.	No, they will not get their haircut tomorrow.	1
getting a haircut	1	What did the hairdresser use to cut their hair?	commonsense	Scissors and a razor.	the blow dryer	0
getting a haircut	2	Why did they need a haircut?	commonsense	They joined the military.	They wanted a change and simply decided to get a cut	1
getting a haircut	3	Why did they get their hair cut?	text	they were forced to have it cut	they wanted it cut	1
getting a haircut	4	Did they get their hair washed?	text	Yes, they got it washed.	No, they cut it dry.	0
getting a haircut	5	Did they leave a tip?	text	Yes, they left a tip.	No, they did not tip.	0
going to the swimming pool	0	Why did they put on sunscreen right away?	text	Because they wanted a good tan	Keep from getting sunburnt.	1
going to the swimming pool	1	How did they swim?	commonsense	Not very good.	They swam the way they learned to	1
going to the swimming pool	2	How long will they swim?	text	just a few minutes	for hours	1
going to the swimming pool	3	Why did they want to go swimming?	text	Enjoyment.	It was winter	0
going to the sauna	0	Who went to the sauna?	text	Friend	John	1
going to the sauna	1	Have they been to sauna before?	commonsense	Yes, they go often	No, he has never been there before	0
going to the sauna	2	have they visited the location before?	commonsense	No, they have never been before	Yes, they go often	1
going to the sauna	3	Where was the sauna?	text	At the gym	In their home	0
going to the sauna	4	Why did they choose this sauna?	commonsense	Free trial	It's at their gym	1
going to the sauna	5	Did they enjoy the sauna?	commonsense	No, it is stressful	Yes, it helps them relax	1
doing laundry	0	Did they use coins to start the washers?	commonsense	Yes	no, he washed them at home	1
doing laundry	1	How did the laundry feel when it came out of the dryer?	commonsense	Cold and stiff.	dry	1
doing laundry	2	Where did they keep the laundry detergent?	commonsense	In the laundry room.	In the hall closet.	0
doing laundry	3	Where was the laundry taken to be washed?	text	the laundry room	The laundromat.	0
doing laundry	0	Did they do the laundry with anyone else ?	text	Yes	No	1
doing laundry	1	How long did each load take?	text	Two hours	An hour and forty five minutes	1
doing laundry	2	Where did they do their laundry?	commonsense	At their home	At a laundromat	0
doing laundry	3	What temperature of water did they use?	text	hot for whites, cold for colors	Hot for all the loads	0
doing laundry	4	How did so much laundry accumulate?	commonsense	he hasn't done it in a while	It was all clean.	0
doing laundry	5	Where was the laundry taken to be washed?	commonsense	To the laundromat	Nowhere, they did it at home	1
doing laundry	6	How did they separate the laundry items before washing them?	text	Whites and colors	By type of clothing	0
doing laundry	7	Did they immediately fold their clothes afterward?	text	yes once it was washed and dried	No	0
putting up a painting	0	Was it hard to put up the painting?	text	Yes they needed Jim's help to hang it	No, it was very easy.	0
putting up a painting	1	How long did it take to put up the painting?	commonsense	All day	One afternoon	1
putting up a painting	2	Do they like the painting?	commonsense	Yes, they like the painting.	No they want to get rid of it	0
putting up a painting	4	what room is the painting in?	text	Kitchen	They hung the painting in the living room.	1
putting up a painting	5	How heavy was the painting?	text	The painting was very heavy.	The painting was very light.	0
answering the doorbell	0	Is it Grandma coming to see me?	text	Yes, and she brought a pie!	No, it is a man selling things.	1
answering the doorbell	1	How loud or soft was the doorbell?	text	soft	loud	1
answering the doorbell	2	Why are they visiting?	text	They were looking for a lost dog.	They are trying to sell something.	1
answering the doorbell	3	Who answered the door?	text	No one answered the door.	The storyteller	1
answering the doorbell	4	Will the visitor be allowed in the house?	text	No, the homeowner is  not interested.	Yes, they will be let in.	0
answering the doorbell	5	Did they ring the bell more than once?	text	Yes, they rang 7 or 8 times.	No, they only rang it once.	1
answering the doorbell	6	Whose doorbell did they ring?	text	Next door neighbor	The homeowner's	1
answering the doorbell	7	How long did they talk to the person who rang the doorbell?	commonsense	About an hour	A short time	1
fueling a car	0	Did they pay with cash or a card?	text	Cash	Debit card	1
fueling a car	1	Why did they need more fuel?	text	They were driving far away.	Warning light came on	1
fueling a car	2	Why did they use fuel in the car?	text	To make the car go.	it was Sunday	0
fueling a car	3	Who did they pay before they put fuel in the car?	text	the machine	Gas station attendant.	0
fueling a car	4	Who fueled the car?	text	the gas attendant	The narrator	1
fueling a car	5	Where was the gas station?	text	in a convenient location	a town away	0
fueling a car	6	Did they go to a petrol station to fuel the car?	text	No, they ran out of gas.	Yes	1
fueling a car	7	Why do they have to put gas in the car?	text	It was full	They were almost out	1
fueling a car	8	What did the fuel smell like?	commonsense	candy	Bad gas smell.	1
taking a driving lesson	0	Who taught the lesson?	text	a volunteer	a random instructor	1
taking a driving lesson	1	How long did the lesson take?	commonsense	45 minutes	2 days	0
taking a driving lesson	2	Did they use their seat belt?	commonsense	yes, they did	no, they didn't	0
taking a driving lesson	3	How did they pay for the driving lessons?	commonsense	with candy	by cash	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Was it replaced this morning?	text	no, at night time	yes, early morning	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Did the bag need to be removed?	text	no, it was changed out of routine	yes, because it is full	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Did they have help changing the trash?	text	yes, friend	HE ALONE	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Did someone else tell them to do it?	text	yes, mother	no, it's regular work	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	When did the bag become full?	text	after throwing pizza	After he cleaned out the refrigerator.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Where was the garbage can?	commonsense	kitchen	Outside	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Was it an outdoor bag or an indoor bag?	text	indoor bag	outdoor bag	0
planting a tree	0	Why are trees important?	commonsense	create O2	because they are green	0
planting a tree	1	Where did the tree get planted?	text	park	writer's yard	1
planting a tree	2	How was the tree planted?	text	with a machine	by hand	1
planting a tree	3	How many trees did they plant?	text	3 trees	1 tree	1
planting a tree	4	Where was the tree planted?	text	writer's yard	at a school	0
visiting the beach	0	When did they visit the beach?	text	For Christmas	Fourth of July week	1
visiting the beach	1	what activities were they doing?	text	Digging for crabs	Boogie board, swimming, volleyball	1
visiting the beach	2	Did they go swimming?	text	No	Yes	1
visiting the beach	3	Who went to the beach?	text	Their coworkers.	narrator, family, and friends	1
getting a haircut	0	Where did the hair go once it was cut?	commonsense	In the wash bowls	On the floor	1
getting a haircut	1	Why did they choose that hairstyle?	commonsense	They wanted a new style.	they wanted to look like a movie star	0
getting a haircut	2	Who was cutting their hair?	text	their neighbor	the hairstylist	1
getting a haircut	3	Why did they get their hair cut?	commonsense	They got gum stuck in it.	they decided they wanted a new, sorter style	1
getting a haircut	4	How does their hair look?	commonsense	They do not like the style.	Nice	1
getting a haircut	5	Did they get their hair styled?	text	Yes, blow dried.	No, it air dried.	0
getting a haircut	7	How did the haircut turn out?	text	Just what the Author wanted	they were unhappy with it	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Will the trip be exciting?	commonsense	no it will be boring	yes	1
planning a holiday trip	1	When will the holiday trip happen?	text	in 6 days	In two weeks.	1
planning a holiday trip	2	How were they planning the trip?	text	Travel agent.	They used the computer after deciding where to go.	1
planning a holiday trip	3	How many people are going?	text	one person	Two people.	1
going to the sauna	0	Why did they go to the sauna?	commonsense	they never tried it before	They needed some downtime and wanted to relax their bodies.	1
going to the sauna	1	Who else was in the sauna?	text	Speaker and friend	The narrators sister was in the sauna	0
going to the sauna	2	Why were there rocks in the sauna?	commonsense	to retain heat and keep the steam going	for throwing	0
going to the sauna	3	Did they have to wait long?	text	No, they went right back.	Yes, they waited an hour.	0
going on a date	0	Where was the date at?	text	McDonalds	A restaurant.	1
going on a date	1	Is it a lunch or dinner date?	text	It was a lunch date.	It was a dinner date.	1
going on a date	2	Did they make plans for the next date?	commonsense	No, they never saw each other again.	Yes they did.	1
going on a date	3	Who went on the date?	text	the narrator's cousin and a football player	the narrator and her future husband	1
going on a date	4	Where did they go?	text	McDonalds	Chillis	1
going on a date	5	Did the people on the date laugh?	commonsense	No  they did  not.	Yes they did.	1
going on a date	6	Who made the date plans?	commonsense	The narrator's sister.	They both did.	1
boiling milk	0	Who was boiling the milk?	text	Speaker	My roommate	0
boiling milk	1	When did they get the milk out of the fridge?	text	Right before starting the stove	they didn't	1
boiling milk	2	When did they turn on the stove?	text	After pouring the milk into a pot	after finishing boiling the milk	0
boiling milk	3	Where did they boil it?	text	In the microwave	kitchen	1
boiling milk	4	How long do they have to boil the milk?	text	Five minutes	About half an hour	1
boiling milk	5	Would there be enough milk to fill up a cup?	text	Yes there is.	No there isn't.	0
boiling milk	6	When did they decided to boil it?	text	After shopping	bedtime	0
taking a driving lesson	0	Who taught the lesson?	text	their mom	the driving instructor	1
taking a driving lesson	1	To where did they drive?	text	on the highway	around their neighborhood	1
mailing a letter	0	How long did it take them to write the letter?	text	A very short time	a very long time	1
mailing a letter	1	Why did they write the letter?	text	for grandmas birthday	for Christmas	0
mailing a letter	2	At what location did they mail the letter?	text	the post office	their mailbox	0
mailing a letter	3	How long did it take to get to the post office?	commonsense	Half an hour.	within 15 minutes	1
mailing a letter	4	Where is the letter going?	text	to their cousin	grandmas house	1
mailing a letter	5	Where did they mail the letter at?	text	post office	At the mail box.	0
mailing a letter	6	How long did they have to drive to the post office?	text	1 hour	less than 15 minutes	1
mailing a letter	7	how long does it take to send a letter?	text	3 weeks	Three days.	1
ordering a pizza	0	How big was the pizza?	text	Large	Medium	0
ordering a pizza	1	When did the pizza arrive?	text	30 minutes after ordering	45 minutes later.	0
ordering a pizza	2	Who answered the door when the pizza was delivered?	text	The brothers answered the door.	The mother answered the door.	1
ordering a pizza	3	What size pizza did they order?	text	Two small pizzas.	Two large pizzas.	1
ordering a pizza	4	Did they use a coupon?	commonsense	Yes; a 50% coupon.	No; no coupon was mentioned.	1
ordering a pizza	5	What toppings did they order?	text	Cheese/Pepperoni	Pepperoni.	0
ordering a pizza	6	Who ordered the pizza?	text	the author's mother	Dad	0
answering the doorbell	0	Did they answer the door right away or look outside first?	text	They looked outside first	Answered the door right away	0
answering the doorbell	1	What did they do after it rang?	text	Looked to see who it was	ignored it	0
answering the doorbell	2	How did they ring the doorbell?	commonsense	pressed the button	Knocked on the door	0
answering the doorbell	3	Why did they ring the doorbell?	text	To test the doorbell	To let the know they had a package to deliver	1
answering the doorbell	4	What did they say immediately when they opened the door?	text	Give me the box	Greeting	1
answering the doorbell	5	Who answered the door when the doorbell rang?	text	Husband	Wife	0
answering the doorbell	6	Who is ringing the doorbell?	text	Delivery guy	a neighbor	0
answering the doorbell	7	What did they do after answering the door?	text	Smile and greeted the mailman	Signed for the package	0
answering the doorbell	8	Was the person invited in?	text	yes	no	1
answering the doorbell	9	Did they know who was at the door?	text	Yes	No	0
answering the doorbell	10	How many people rang the doorbell?	text	Two	One	1
answering the doorbell	11	What did they want?	text	To deliver a package	To introduce oneself	0
answering the doorbell	12	Why was the doorbell pressed?	text	It was not pressed	To let them know they had a package for them	1
boiling milk	0	Will they store the milk in a bottle after it boils?	text	Yes	No, drink it from a cup	1
boiling milk	1	Was the hot milk good?	text	no, it tasted terrible	Yes	1
boiling milk	2	How did they stir the milk?	text	with a spoon	with a whisk	1
boiling milk	3	Why did they boil milk?	text	They could not sleep	It was for a recipe	0
boiling milk	4	Did the milk boil out of the pan?	commonsense	yes it did	no it did not	1
boiling milk	5	What did they use to measure the milk?	commonsense	a measuring cup	They estimated	0
boiling milk	6	Was the milk on a stove or in a microwave?	text	On a stove	In a microwave	0
packing a suitcase	0	How are they packing the suitcase?	text	just throwing everything in there	They carefully arranged the items so they would fit.	1
packing a suitcase	1	Why are they packing a suitcase?	text	they are visiting a friend in another state	for a friend	0
packing a suitcase	2	How did they fold the clothes?	text	professional	They just wrinkled them.	0
packing a suitcase	3	Why did they pack the suitcase?	text	to go to Disneyland	They were visiting a friend!	1
packing a suitcase	4	Who is packaging the suitcase?	text	The narrator.	the mother	0
packing a suitcase	5	Were they moving or taking a vacation?	text	taking a vacation	moving to a new town	0
packing a suitcase	6	What's in the suitcase?	text	Food.	Clothes.	1
packing a suitcase	7	Where was the suitcase packed?	commonsense	Bedroom	living room	0
packing a suitcase	8	Why did they need to pack a suitcase?	text	for a friend	They were visiting a friend.	1
packing a suitcase	9	When did they pack the suitcase?	commonsense	MORNING	After their trip.	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	How full was the dishwasher?	commonsense	Full	half empty	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	Where was the dishwasher?	text	kitchen	dining room	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	Was the dishwasher working properly?	commonsense	yes, there were no specks or cloudiness on any of the items	no, most everything had to be rewashed	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Did they unload the dishwasher right away after the dishes were washed?	text	no, they did not unload til the next day	yes, they waited for the motor to stop and the button to turn red	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Where did they put the plates?	text	in a trunk	in their respective places	1
unloading the dishwasher	6	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	the maid	the author	1
unloading the dishwasher	7	Where did they put the dishes?	text	in the cabinets	back in the dishwasher	0
unloading the dishwasher	8	Where did they put the clean dishes?	text	back in the dishwasher	Into their respective places, drawer and cabinet.	1
visiting a museum	0	Did the museum have sculptures?	commonsense	no, they didn't	yes, they did	1
visiting a museum	1	Did they have a guide in the museum?	text	no, they don't	yes, they do	1
visiting a museum	2	What did they learn about?	text	Dinosaurs, mummies, WWII	art and paintings	0
visiting a museum	3	Did they see dinosaur bones?	text	No.	Yes	1
visiting a museum	4	How did they get a museum ticket?	text	They bought them there	They ordered online	0
visiting a museum	5	Did the Museum have a gift shop?	commonsense	no, it doesn't	yes, it does	1
playing tennis	0	was there a referee in the story?	text	No.	Yes	0
playing tennis	1	who was playing?	text	Person describing story and their grandpa.	Kid and Uncle.	0
playing tennis	2	Who did they play with?	text	Their best friend	Their grandfather	1
playing tennis	3	Where exactly were they playing?	text	Tennis courts at the condo complex	The local park	0
visiting a museum	0	When did they go to the museum?	text	today	Yesterday	0
visiting a museum	1	When did they leave to go to the museum?	text	20 minutes before they go to the museum	After exploring the bottom floor.	0
visiting a museum	2	Did they see dinosaur bones?	text	yes, the dinosaur bones were on display	No, she did not go into that area	0
visiting a museum	3	How did they get to the museum?	text	They drove their car there.	Walking	1
visiting a museum	4	how did they get tickets to the Museum?	text	they bought a ticket	Online.	0
visiting a museum	5	Where was the museum located?	text	Near their home.	Other side of town	0
having a barbecue	0	Was this for a special celebration?	text	Yes it was.	No, the narrators friends were just looking for something to do.	1
having a barbecue	1	What kind of food was being made at the BBQ?	text	meats	fruits	0
having a barbecue	2	How did the food taste?	text	The food tasted bad.	Everyone said the food was good.	1
having a barbecue	3	What kind of meat did they have at the barbecue?	text	Just beef	Chicken, steak and hotdogs.	1
having a barbecue	4	How did they like the food?	text	they hated it	They liked it a lot.	1
having a barbecue	5	who's holding the barbecue?	text	The narrator.	A friend of the narrator	0
having a barbecue	6	Was the BBQ for a holiday?	text	Yes, it was for the fourth of July.	No it was not.	1
having a barbecue	7	Who was cooking the food?	text	his friends	the author	1
planting a tree	0	Who decided what tree to plant?	commonsense	Their parents	the author	1
planting a tree	1	Would it have been easier to plant the tree if they had help?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
planting a tree	2	What made them pick this species of tree?	text	the shedding	it was pretty	0
planting a tree	3	Who is planting the tree?	commonsense	Their parents	author	1
planting a tree	4	What did they use to plant the tree?	commonsense	A shovel	axe	0
making a bed	0	Do they leave the pillows on top when they make the bed?	text	Yes they put the blanket over them.	No	1
making a bed	1	Was it part of their chores?	commonsense	Yes, their grandma made them do it as a chore	No, Grandma just asked	1
making a bed	2	How did it look afterwards?	text	The bed was messy.	No creases	1
making a bed	3	Was it their own bed?	text	No, it was their grandma's bed.	Yes, it was their bed.	0
making a bed	4	Where is the bed?	commonsense	In the living room.	Grandma's bedroom	1
making a bed	5	What did they do first?	text	They helped their Grandma out of bed.	She took her to the other room.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Why did they make this?	commonsense	To eat	so they could give it to the dog	0
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Who cooked the food?	text	the author	The friend	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	What did they use to flavor the food?	text	butter	sugar	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Who was cooking in the kitchen?	text	mom	the author	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	What type of food were they cooking?	text	Sausage.	eggs	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	Who was doing the cooking?	text	The son	the author	1
heating food on kitchen gas	6	How many people were making the food?	text	One.	Two.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	was the food in a pan?	text	yes	no	0
changing a light bulb	0	How did they reach the light bulb socket in the ceiling?	text	Used a ladder	The person was tall enough to reach the ceiling	0
changing a light bulb	1	Why didn't they wait to change the light bulb?	commonsense	Because the room would be too dark	The ladder was already set up	0
changing a light bulb	2	Where did they get a new light bulb?	text	The cupboard in the garage	The den	0
changing a light bulb	3	Did the new light bulb look like the old light bulb?	text	Yes	No	0
changing a light bulb	4	Did they check to make sure the light worked?	text	No	Yes	1
changing a light bulb	5	How easy did it look to change the light bulb?	commonsense	It seemed like an impossible task.	Fairly easy	1
changing a light bulb	6	Who helped change the light bulb?	commonsense	Nobody	A neighbor	0
changing a light bulb	7	When did the light bulb turn on?	text	When they flipped the light switch	After the bulb was removed	0
changing a light bulb	8	Where was the old light bulb?	text	Light fixture in the den	In the trash	0
sewing a button	0	How long has it been since the button fell off?	commonsense	for a month	Not long	1
sewing a button	1	How long did it take for them to sew?	text	A few hours.	A few minutes.	1
sewing a button	2	Didn't the shirt look so nice with all of it's buttons back on?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
sewing a button	3	Was there more than one button on the clothing?	commonsense	Yes, it was a button down shirt	No, only one	0
sewing a button	4	Were they experienced in sewing?	commonsense	Yes, they knew how to reattach the button.	No they needed help reattaching the button.	0
sewing a button	5	Was it easy or difficult to sew the button?	commonsense	Difficult	easy	1
sewing a button	6	Why did they need to sew the button?	text	The old button came off?	The button was the wrong color.	0
sewing a button	7	What did they sew the button onto?	text	favorite shirt	Jeans	0
going on a date	0	What did they do to prepare for the date?	text	Worked out	hired a babysitter	1
going on a date	1	Where will they be going on their date?	text	French restaurant and movies	the zoo	0
going on a date	2	What did they do on their date?	text	ate and saw a movie	went for drinks	0
going on a date	3	Who went on the date?	text	the narrator and her husband	Maria and the husband	0
going on a date	4	Did they have to pay money to go on the date?	text	No	yes, they paid for food and movie	1
going on a date	5	Did it include a movie or dinner?	text	Yes, both	no	0
going on a date	6	How long did the date last?	commonsense	with dinner and a movie,  probably 4 hours total	10 minutes	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Had they been there before?	commonsense	No they had not.	Yes they had.	1
planning a holiday trip	1	What sights will they be seeing?	text	Disneyland	Universal Studios Hollywood.	1
planning a holiday trip	2	Where are they going?	text	Las Vegas	California.	1
planning a holiday trip	3	Who is going on the trip?	text	The person telling the story and their family.	The storyteller and their friends.	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Where will they be staying?	text	At a hotel.	With relatives	0
preparing a picnic	0	How are they getting to the location?	text	bus	Driving	1
preparing a picnic	1	Where will the picnic be?	text	the park	At the beach	0
preparing a picnic	2	when were they planning to have the picnic?	text	next Friday	The same day as the story	1
preparing a picnic	3	Where did they want to have the picnic?	text	the beach	the park	1
preparing a picnic	4	When did they start preparing the picnic?	text	The night before they were leaving for the picnic	Right away.	1
visiting the beach	0	How was the weather at the beach?	text	cold	beautiful	1
visiting the beach	1	Were there any pets involved?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
visiting the beach	2	how many people were there?	commonsense	Hundreds	none	0
visiting the beach	3	What beach did they go to?	text	Miami Beach	Virginia Beach	0
visiting the beach	4	What were they wearing?	commonsense	Jeans	bathing suits	1
visiting the beach	5	What was the weather like?	text	raining	Extremely hot and sunny	1
going to the swimming pool	0	Are they bringing anyone with them?	text	Yes (their son)	no	0
going to the swimming pool	1	Who went to the pool?	text	They and their friend.	two people	1
going to the swimming pool	2	Did they drive to the pool?	text	yes	no	0
going to the swimming pool	3	How are they getting there?	text	They drove there.	They walked there.	0
going to the swimming pool	4	Was it a hot day when they went swimming?	text	yes	no	0
going to the swimming pool	5	What time of year did they go swimming in?	commonsense	summer	winter	0
making a camping trip	0	Where would they be traveling to?	text	The campsite they found online	a restaurant	0
making a camping trip	1	How did they reach their destination?	text	In a plane	In their car	1
making a camping trip	2	How will they get to the campground?	text	In a plane	Drive	1
making a camping trip	3	How many people are going?	text	3	seven	0
making a camping trip	4	Who will be camping with them?	text	their daughter	their spouse and son	1
sending party invitations	0	What day is the party invitation for?	text	Christmas	Halloween	1
sending party invitations	1	When did they send out the invitations?	commonsense	Before Halloween	the next day	0
sending party invitations	2	Why did they send out invitations?	text	for a Christmas party	to invite people to a party	1
sending party invitations	3	When did the invitations arrive?	commonsense	weeks after they were mailed	a few days after mailing	1
sending party invitations	4	Was the party invitation for a birthday?	text	Yes, it was for a birthday	no, a Halloween party	1
sending party invitations	5	Who received the invitations?	commonsense	Friends/guests	random people	0
sending party invitations	6	How did the recipients know it was for a party?	text	because there was a message inviting them to the party in the card	they called their friends ahead of time to let them know it was a party.	0
sending party invitations	7	Why are they sending out invitations?	text	for a birthday party	To invite guests to their Halloween Party	1
sending party invitations	8	How did they send the invitations?	text	through the mail	they were emailed	0
making a bonfire	0	Why did they have a bonfire?	text	Burn books.	to burn the trash	0
making a bonfire	1	Why did they want to have a bonfire?	text	For fun.	Burn books.	1
making a bonfire	2	How big was the fire?	text	just a small fire	very very big	1
making a bonfire	3	When did they make the bonfire?	text	in the morning	After graduation.	1
making a bonfire	4	Where did they build the bonfire?	text	on the beach	Backyard	1
making a bonfire	5	What was burning in the fire?	text	Paper and wood	Wood and boxes.	0
repairing a bicycle	0	where did they fix it at or get it fixed?	text	at a bike shop	at the owner's house	1
repairing a bicycle	1	What did they fix on the bicycle?	text	A flat tire	Wheel axle	0
repairing a bicycle	2	Why was the bicycle broken?	text	Broken seat	The tire went flat	1
repairing a bicycle	3	What needed to be repaired on the bicycle?	text	flat tire	Bicycle seat	0
taking a photograph	0	How many photos did they take of the subject?	text	Two or three.	Six or more.	0
taking a photograph	1	What was the reason for taking the photo?	commonsense	It was an interesting picture	To capture a memory	1
taking a photograph	2	Was the picture just of people or a location?	text	It featured a nice location	People.	1
taking a photograph	3	Did they know the photographer?	text	Yes, it was the child and a mom.	No, they asked a stranger to snap the pic.	0
taking a photograph	4	What type of camera did they use?	text	Polaroid camera	Cell phone camera	1
taking a photograph	5	Why did they ask to retake the photograph?	text	Jim's first attempt was blurry.	Harry had his eyes closed in the first picture.	0
taking a photograph	6	What was the subject of the photo?	text	Jim and Harry	The moms and dads	0
taking a photograph	7	Why were the pictures being taken?	commonsense	For a card	Keepsake.	1
taking a photograph	8	When in the day was the photo taken?	text	Lunchtime.	After dinner.	0
taking a photograph	9	Why did they have to take so many pictures in a row?	text	To get a good one.	They wanted lots of pictures to remember their day at the park.	0
driving a car	0	Why didn't they rent a car?	commonsense	they owned one	They did rent one.	0
driving a car	1	How fast were they driving?	commonsense	Normal speed	Over speed limit	0
driving a car	2	How well did they drive the car?	commonsense	Very well	They drive recklessly.	0
repairing a bicycle	0	Where was the bicycle repaired?	commonsense	at home	at repair shop	0
repairing a bicycle	1	Was the wheel broken?	text	the inner tube was	no, there was no problem	0
repairing a bicycle	2	Did they repair their own bicycle?	text	no	yes	1
repairing a bicycle	3	How did the bicycle break?	text	hit by car	the inner tube was punctured	1
repairing a bicycle	4	Who is repairing the bicycle?	text	the storyteller	a repairman	0
making a shopping list	0	Are they using coupons?	text	no coupon	yes, they are	1
making a shopping list	1	What type of items are they shopping for?	text	groceries	clothing	0
making a shopping list	2	Why were they writing the list now?	text	for a party	to buy without forget any one item	1
making a shopping list	3	What did they put on the list?	text	groceries	cookies, and eggs	0
making a shopping list	4	What store is the list for?	text	grocery store	hardware store	0
making a shopping list	5	Did the list have cheap items?	commonsense	no all were expensive	yes, some were cheap	1
making a shopping list	6	Was it a grocery list?	text	no	yes	1
making a shopping list	7	What was the first item on the list?	text	eggs	beer	0
making a shopping list	8	Who made the list?	text	their cousin	the speaker	1
planning a holiday trip	0	Where are they going to be staying?	text	at  a hotel	in a tent	0
planning a holiday trip	1	When is the holiday trip planned?	text	over the Christmas vacation	After school ends	1
planning a holiday trip	2	What will they need to bring?	commonsense	a winter jacket	Clothes, shoes, toiletries, swimwear, and undergarments.	1
planning a holiday trip	3	When did they plan the trip for?	text	June, as school was ending	winter vacation	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Why did they choose their destination?	text	they loved the food	they loved the beach	1
changing a light bulb	0	Who changed the light bulb?	text	the subject/author	Mom did	0
changing a light bulb	1	How did they screw in the new light bulb?	text	turned it counter clockwise	By hand	1
changing a light bulb	2	What did they do with the old light bulb?	commonsense	Threw it away	Kept it for later	0
changing a light bulb	3	Was it hard to change the light bulb?	commonsense	No, it went smoothly	Yes	0
changing a light bulb	4	Did anyone help change the light   bulb?	text	Yes	No	1
changing a light bulb	5	Did they get help from someone?	text	No	Yes	0
changing a light bulb	6	Did they have trouble changing it?	commonsense	No.	yes lots	0
preparing dinner	0	Did they prepare any meat?	text	there was no meat with dinner	yes chicken	1
preparing dinner	1	How far in advance did they prepare the food?	commonsense	A few minutes	They started cooking the chicken earlier in the day	0
preparing dinner	2	what kind of food was made?	text	Pizza	A chicken, vegetable and rice bowl	1
preparing dinner	3	What type of meat are they cooking for dinner?	text	Steak	A chicken, vegetable and rice bowl	1
preparing dinner	4	What did they prepare for dinner?	text	A chicken, vegetable and rice bowl	They made chicken noodle soup	0
preparing dinner	5	How did the food taste?	commonsense	the food was horrible	it was delicious	1
preparing dinner	6	Was the food good?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
cleaning up toys	0	Who's toys were they?	text	Their young cousins'	Their own	0
cleaning up toys	1	Did they have a lot of toys to clean up?	commonsense	No, only a few toys.	Yes many toys.	1
cleaning up toys	2	What did they use to clean up?	commonsense	They used a mop.	Hands	1
cleaning up toys	3	Did they get it cleaned up?	text	Yes, they cleaned up all the toys.	No, they toys are still on the floor.	0
cleaning up toys	4	What kind of toys were there?	text	Play-doh and clay	Legos, Batman, Barbie dolls, etc.	1
cleaning up toys	5	Were the toys for a young child?	text	No, they were for adults.	Yes, they were.	1
cleaning up toys	6	Who picked up the toys?	text	Their mom	The narrator.	1
making toasted bread	0	How did they start to toast the bread?	text	Stick them in the oven	by putting it in the toaster	1
making toasted bread	1	Are they going to put something on the toast before they eat it?	text	No	Yes	1
making toasted bread	2	do they like toasted bread?	text	Yes	No	0
making toasted bread	3	Why did they make toast?	text	they were being lazy	Never made toast	0
making toasted bread	4	Can everyone make toast?	commonsense	virtually everyone can, yes	No, it takes too long	0
making toasted bread	5	Did they butter the bread?	text	No	Yes	0
making toasted bread	6	When did they decide to have toast?	text	When they are having a lazy day	When someone asked them if they wanted toast	0
taking a taxi	0	Where did the taxi take them?	text	A Broadway show	home	0
taking a taxi	1	Where did they get picked up from?	text	At the restaurant	Outside the hotel	1
taking a taxi	2	Where did they go on the taxi?	text	To see the Lion King in the movies	back to hotel	1
taking a taxi	3	Where were they picked up?	text	Outside the hotel	at the hotel	0
taking a taxi	4	What color was the taxi cab?	text	Yellow	green and white	0
taking a taxi	5	When did they pay for the taxi?	text	After they got into the taxi cab.	After they arrived	1
taking a taxi	6	Was the ride enjoyable?	commonsense	No, they expressed not liking the taxi driver's speed.	They loved it	0
taking a taxi	7	How did they hail the taxi, by chance or through an app?	text	Through an app.	They held their hand up	1
making a hot dog	0	Did they cut the hot dog before they ate it?	text	No.	yes	0
making a hot dog	1	Where were they making the hot dog?	text	at a restaurant	at home	1
making a hot dog	2	Did they use any spices in preparing the hot dog?	text	No	Yes	0
making a hot dog	3	Was the hot dog cooked on a grill or something else?	text	Yes, on a grill	Something else	1
making a hot dog	4	Are they using a bun?	text	No.	Yes	1
making a hot dog	5	What are they using to retrieve the hot dogs?	commonsense	Hands.	tongs	0
making a hot dog	6	How did the hot dog taste?	commonsense	Delicious	Okay.	0
working in the garden	0	Will they work in the garden again?	commonsense	No, they like how weeds look.	Definitely.	1
working in the garden	1	What was the first thing that was planted?	text	A carrot seed	A flower plant	1
working in the garden	2	What did they plant in the garden?	text	Shrubs.	Flowers	1
working in the garden	3	What was the weather like?	commonsense	nice	rainy	0
working in the garden	4	Was it a vegetable or flower garden?	text	Vegetable	Flower.	1
working in the garden	5	What tools were they using?	text	Shovel.	Rake.	0
preparing a picnic	0	where is the picnic?	text	at a local state park	At the mall.	0
preparing a picnic	1	Did they go shopping to get things for the picnic?	text	Yes	No.	0
preparing a picnic	2	when were they planning to have the picnic?	text	Friday.	on a Wednesday	0
preparing a picnic	3	Where will they keep the food?	text	In a cooler.	Their car.	0
preparing a picnic	4	When did they want to have the picnic?	text	Friday.	In the winter.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Did they use hot water to wash their hair?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Who washed their hair?	text	The author	Their mom did	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Was this their usual daily routine?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	How long did it take to wash their hair?	commonsense	about 5 minutes	half an hour	0
washing one¡¯s hair	4	How many people did they interact with?	commonsense	12	no one	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	How long did they shampoo their hair for?	commonsense	1 Hour	5 minutes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	6	Did someone wash their hair for them or did they do it themselves?	text	they did it themselves	someone else washed it	0
papering a room	0	Did they paper other rooms?	text	no	yes	0
papering a room	1	Was it hard work to paper the room?	text	It was super easy	Yes	1
papering a room	2	How did they get the room ready to be papered?	text	they spread the walls with paint	They measured the walls	1
doing laundry	0	Did they do it in public?	commonsense	yes	no	1
doing laundry	1	What did they wash?	text	car	Their clothes.	1
doing laundry	2	Why did they do laundry?	text	Because they didn't have any clean clothes.	It smelling in their bedroom	0
doing laundry	3	Who did the laundry?	commonsense	Their boyfriend	they did	1
doing laundry	4	Where did they do their laundry?	commonsense	work	home	1
giving a medicine to someone	0	What form was the medicine in?	commonsense	Liquid	Pill form	0
giving a medicine to someone	1	Where is the medicine kept?	text	In the cupboard.	In the refrigerator.	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	Who took the medicine?	text	Their mother	Their brother	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	Was somebody lying down?	text	No, he was sitting up in his high chair.	Yes	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	Where did they take it?	text	In his room	In his highchair	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Who was taking the medicine?	text	Their mother	Their brother	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	Was the medicine a liquid or was it a pill?	text	Liquid	Pill	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Was somebody sick?	text	Yes	No	0
giving a medicine to someone	8	Why did the doctor prescribe the medicine?	text	For an ear ache	His belly hurts.	0
going to the sauna	0	Why did they go to the sauna?	text	to get warm	to relieve stress	1
going to the sauna	1	Why did they want to go to the sauna?	text	They were bored	to relieve stress	1
going to the sauna	2	When did they enter the sauna?	text	last weekend	Monday morning	0
going to the sauna	3	Where was the sauna?	text	At the gym	In their apartment complex	1
going to the sauna	4	Why did they sweat in the sauna?	commonsense	because it was very cold	because of the intense heat	1
going to the sauna	5	Did they enjoy being in the sauna?	text	yes	no	0
going to the sauna	6	Did they feel better afterwards?	text	no	yes	1
wrapping a gift	0	What did they use to cut the wrapping?	commonsense	A box cutter	Scissors	1
wrapping a gift	1	What was the celebration?	text	sister-in-law's wedding shower	birthday	0
wrapping a gift	2	How long did it take to wrap the gift?	commonsense	two days	Few minutes.	1
wrapping a gift	3	How did they wrap the gift?	text	With pretty paper	the store wrapped it	0
wrapping a gift	4	did they wrap the gift at home?	commonsense	Assuming yes	no in hotel	0
wrapping a gift	5	Who wrapped the gift?	text	her dad	the narrator and her daughter	1
taking a shower	0	Who was in the shower?	text	The dog was in the shower.	The narrator.	1
taking a shower	1	How did they feel after their shower?	commonsense	dry	They felt clean.	1
taking a shower	2	How did they turn on the water?	commonsense	turning the knob to the left	Bang on wall.	0
taking a shower	3	Why did they need to take a shower?	text	For fun.	So they could get clean.	1
taking a shower	4	Where were they taking a shower?	commonsense	Bathroom	the living room	0
taking a shower	5	Was it a normal daily shower?	text	Yes, it was a normal shower.	No, they took extra time.	0
going to the swimming pool	0	Who else will be at the pool?	commonsense	No one.	Other people	1
going to the swimming pool	1	How far away is the pool from their house?	commonsense	fairly close	two hours away	0
going to the swimming pool	2	Why are they going to the pool?	commonsense	to clean it	to swim	1
cooking pasta	0	Who were they cooking the pasta for?	text	no one	their friend	1
cooking pasta	1	how was the pasta prepared?	text	baked	Boiled.	1
cooking pasta	2	Who was going to eat the pasta?	text	friend and chef	family and neighbors	0
cooking pasta	3	What type of pasta did they make?	text	spaghetti	bow style pasta	1
sewing a button	0	Where did it take place?	text	bathroom	On the floor in the corner	1
sewing a button	1	Why were they replacing the button?	text	they wanted to change the style	The button fell off	1
sewing a button	2	Didn't the shirt look so nice with all of it's buttons back on?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
sewing a button	3	Who sew the button?	text	Narrator's mother	the author	1
sewing a button	4	When did they start sewing?	text	After they studied the button and threaded the needle.	After they turned on the sewing machine.	0
sewing a button	5	Did the original button break?	text	Yes	No, it fell off	1
sewing a button	6	Did they know how to sew on a button?	text	yes	no	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Did someone tell them to change the trash bags?	text	No they did not.	Yes, their roommate told them to	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	When was the garbage bag changed?	text	When the bag was half way full	Morning time	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Did the full bag break?	text	Yes, trash got everywhere	No	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	When did they replace the bag?	text	right away after they removed the old one	1 hour after it had been empty	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Did someone else tell them to do it?	text	No they did not.	Yes, their wife told them to	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Did anyone help them replace the bags?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	When did they remove the bag?	text	Yesterday.	as they were taking out the trash	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Which garbage bag did they replace?	text	The full garbage bag inside the home.	The empty one.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	Did the bag have handles?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
visiting the beach	0	Did they bring sand toys?	text	no	yes	0
visiting the beach	1	How was the weather at the beach?	text	nice	rainy	0
visiting the beach	2	Were there any pets involved?	text	no	Yes	0
making a dinner reservation	0	How long did it take to make the reservation?	commonsense	Hours	just a few minutes	1
making a dinner reservation	1	Was there a special occasion for making the reservation?	text	Yes, a birthday	no, it was for fun	0
making a dinner reservation	2	who made the reservation?	text	The friend whose birthday it was	the author	1
making a dinner reservation	3	Why was it necessary to make a reservation?	commonsense	Not needed	large party/ number of people	1
making a dinner reservation	4	Will it be a formal occasion?	commonsense	Yes	No it will be informal	1
making a dinner reservation	5	Who made the phone call?	text	the author	the friend	0
making a dinner reservation	6	When did they call the restaurant?	text	day of party	after asking their friend where they wanted to go	1
making a dinner reservation	7	What is the occasion for the dinner?	text	A friend's wedding anniversary	A friend's birthday	1
making a dinner reservation	8	when did they make the reservation for?	text	next Friday night	the next day	0
making a dinner reservation	9	what is the purpose for eating there?	text	their moms birthday	to celebrate a friends birthday	1
cleaning the shower	0	What detergent or cleaner did they use?	text	Ajax	Comet	1
cleaning the shower	1	When did they begin cleaning the shower?	text	They began before the friends came to town.	after their friends left	0
cleaning the shower	2	Who clean the shower?	text	Joan Crawford	The homeowner expecting friends to visit.	1
cleaning the shower	3	What did they use to clean the shower?	text	Ajax	Comet cleaner	1
cleaning the shower	4	Why did they spray so much of the cleaner?	text	to be like Joan Crawford	Because the shower was extra dirty.	0
cleaning the shower	5	What did they clean the shower with?	text	wet sponge and comet	water only	0
boiling milk	0	Did they stir the milk?	text	no	yes	1
boiling milk	1	Did it take a lot of time to get everything ready beforehand?	commonsense	yes, they had to go all the way to the store	No, the ingredients are things most people have	1
boiling milk	2	Was the pan covered?	commonsense	Yes, to trap the heat	No, I need to stir it	1
boiling milk	3	Why did they boil milk?	text	To drink to help them sleep	To make hot cocoa	1
boiling milk	4	Who was the cocoa for?	commonsense	Themself	My little sister	0
boiling milk	5	Why did they have to turn the burner down?	text	The smoke alarm went off	Bubbles started to form	1
boiling milk	6	Do they put anything else in the pot besides the milk?	text	Yes, cocoa and sugar	No	0
boiling milk	7	Where did they get the milk from?	commonsense	From the freezer	The refrigerator	1
visiting a doctor	0	Did they need medicine?	text	No	yes	1
visiting a doctor	1	Who went with them to the doctor?	commonsense	it didn't say.	No one	1
visiting a doctor	2	When did they check in?	text	9:00	8:45am	1
visiting a doctor	3	Were they at the appointment alone?	commonsense	Yes	No, the parents came with	0
visiting a doctor	4	Who did they talk to when they walked in the office?	text	doctor	Receptionist	1
visiting a doctor	5	Who needed to see the doctor?	text	it didn't say	the narrator	1
visiting a doctor	6	What time was the appointment?	text	10:00 am	9am	1
answering the doorbell	0	Who was ringing the bell?	text	The postman.	a friend	1
answering the doorbell	1	Why was the doorbell rung?	text	there was a package	To let their friend know they are there.	1
answering the doorbell	2	Did the people leave right away?	text	no, they came in to watch the game	yes	0
answering the doorbell	3	How long did it ring?	commonsense	over and over	Briefly.	1
answering the doorbell	4	Did they answer the door right away or look outside first?	text	looked outside first	Answer right away.	0
answering the doorbell	5	How many times was the doorbell rung?	text	Five times.	Twice	1
answering the doorbell	6	Did they know who was at the door?	text	no, they looked	yes, they were expecting company	0
answering the doorbell	7	Who is ringing the doorbell?	text	friends	A brother.	0
answering the doorbell	8	Why did the person come to the door?	commonsense	to visit	to ask if they saw a lost dog	0
answering the doorbell	9	Did they recognize who rang the doorbell?	text	no, it was a stranger	yes, they recognized them as someone they trusted	1
answering the doorbell	10	Where did this happen at?	text	At a friend's home.	Hotel.	0
folding clothes	0	How long did the clothes sit before they decided to fold them?	commonsense	A whole day	The clothes were folded right away	1
folding clothes	1	did anyone else help fold the clothes?	text	Just the mom	Three kids	0
folding clothes	2	Did they fold someone else's clothes or just their own?	commonsense	Neigbor's clothes	Presume just their own	1
folding clothes	3	How did they carry the clothes?	text	In a laundry bag.	in a hamper basket	1
folding clothes	4	Is this a job that is done quickly?	commonsense	Yes, in about 10 minutes	somewhat	1
folding clothes	5	Was a man or woman folding clothes?	text	A man.	woman	1
folding clothes	6	Who folded the clothes?	text	Their mother.	Their father.	0
folding clothes	7	Why were they folding clothes?	commonsense	To keep the clothes neat	For fun	0
folding clothes	8	How long did the task take?	commonsense	Until the washer clicked.	Till the clothes were folded and put away.	1
folding clothes	9	Were they helping a friend?	text	yes	no	1
making tea	0	Do they make tea regularly?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making tea	1	Did they make it at home?	text	No	Yes	1
making tea	2	How was the tea prepared?	text	With a Keurig	In a tea pot	0
making tea	3	What type of sweetener did they use?	text	Honey	Sugar	1
making tea	4	What do they add to their tea?	text	Honey and cream	Two spoonfuls of sugar and a splash of milk	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	Were they rechargeable?	text	No, they were thrown away	Yes, they were recharged	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	Will the alarm clock work correctly now?	text	Yes, it works correctly	No, it doesn't work correctly	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	Who helped to change the batteries?	text	No one else.	The narrator's neighbor	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	Did the alarm clock still work?	text	affirmative	No, it didn't work	0
washing clothes	0	Whose clothes were washed?	commonsense	Their sister's clothes	The narrator	1
washing clothes	1	Where did they wash the clothes?	text	washer	In their bathroom.	0
washing clothes	2	Why do they sort the clothes first?	commonsense	to keep an inventory of their clothes	To keep the colors from running	1
washing clothes	3	How did they sort the clothes?	text	Lights and darks	They sorted them by texture.	0
washing clothes	4	Where is the washer and dryer located?	text	In their basement.	The laundry room	1
washing clothes	5	How did they wash the clothes?	text	They put them in the washing machine.	By hand	0
changing a baby diaper	0	how did they change the baby?	text	Put a different shirt on and put on a new diaper	Taking the plastic pants off, cleaning the baby, and putting on a new pair	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Did the baby want to get changed?	text	no they want to stay unclean	yes they will cry if their panties are not changed	1
changing a baby diaper	2	Who changed the babies diapers?	text	Mothers, fathers, and/or helpers	The baby changed its own diaper	0
changing a baby diaper	3	What was the baby wearing?	text	a plastic diaper	Underwear	0
changing a baby diaper	4	How did they make sure the diaper stayed on?	text	With glue.	They fastened Velcro straps	1
changing a baby diaper	5	Where did they throw away the baby wipes?	commonsense	Out the window	In a garbage bin	1
changing a baby diaper	6	Where did they change the baby's diaper?	text	on the floor	On a padded table	1
changing a baby diaper	7	Does the baby seem happy now?	commonsense	yes	no they will stay unhappy	0
changing a baby diaper	8	What was happening before the diaper change?	text	The baby spilled food all over their pants	Baby was eating.	1
cleaning the floor	0	What did they use to clean the floor?	text	broom and rags	vacuum, mop, hot water and floor detergent	1
cleaning the floor	1	What room did they clean?	text	kitchen	The dining room	0
cleaning the floor	2	How many people were cleaning?	text	Five	One	1
cleaning the floor	3	What kind of cleaner did they use?	text	dish soap	floor detergent	1
cleaning the floor	4	Why did they need to clean the floor?	commonsense	it was clean	it was dirty	1
cleaning the floor	5	Did they know what they were doing?	text	yes	no	0
cleaning the floor	6	who cleaned the floor?	text	the maid	The narrator	1
getting a haircut	0	Is this taking place in a business or a residence?	text	Residence.	At a hair dressers shop, so business	1
getting a haircut	1	When will they go back again?	text	In 10 days.	In a few months	1
getting a haircut	2	Is this a painful activity?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
getting a haircut	3	Where was the haircut done?	text	at a hair salon	At the house.	0
getting a haircut	4	Who was cutting their hair?	text	The stylist.	Mom.	0
visiting relatives	0	What type of place were they at?	text	grandmas house	a hotel	0
visiting relatives	1	Where do the relatives live?	text	Another state.	In another town.	1
visiting relatives	2	Where did they go?	text	Disney World	their grandparents' house	1
visiting relatives	3	Was it indoors or outdoors?	commonsense	Outdoor.	Indoor.	1
visiting relatives	4	What was the occasion for their visit?	text	Holiday.	it was their birthday	0
visiting relatives	5	Who came with them for the visit?	text	mom and the family	Friends	0
visiting relatives	6	Were there any pets involved?	commonsense	yes	No pets.	1
visiting relatives	7	Where did they sleep while they were visiting their relatives?	commonsense	their grandparents' house	Their friends' house.	0
visiting relatives	8	Did they drink champagne?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
painting a wall	0	Where did the paint come from?	text	had some in the garage	shop	1
painting a wall	1	Why were they painting the room?	text	The were tired of the color	paint was chipping	1
painting a wall	2	What room are they in?	text	LIVING ROOM	Their bed room	1
painting a wall	3	Was it their house or someone else's?	text	their house	someone else's house	0
painting a wall	4	Why did the room need painted?	text	avoid chipping	The were tired of the color	0
painting a wall	5	What color was the paint?	text	white	yellow	0
painting a wall	6	What room was painted?	text	Their bedroom	KITCHEN	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	What did they have to eat?	text	milkshakes	burgers fries and soda	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	How was the service?	commonsense	good, as the workers take care of the customers' trash	bad, the workers gave horrible service	0
shopping online	0	What website did they use?	text	Starbucks	amazon.com	1
shopping online	1	Who paid for it?	text	they did	The friend	0
shopping online	2	How long do they have to wait for the stuff to be delivered?	text	It was delivered immediately after payment.	Two days	0
shopping online	3	Why did they order it?	text	As a birthday gift for themselves.	Their friend's birthday was coming up quickly.	1
shopping online	4	what did they buy online?	text	candy basket	$25 Starbucks gift card	1
shopping online	5	How many did they get?	text	two	one	1
shopping online	6	What item did they purchase?	text	Starbucks gift basket	$25 Starbucks gift card	1
shopping online	7	Why didn't they go to a store?	text	They wanted it to get there quicker	it would be faster to go to the store	0
chopping vegetables	0	How many types of vegetables were there?	text	there were 6 different vegetables	There were three	0
chopping vegetables	1	Where will we be chopping the vegetables	commonsense	on the floor	In the kitchen on the cutting board	1
chopping vegetables	2	Why are vegetables important in a meal?	commonsense	Vegetables are not nutritious	To get proper nutrients	1
chopping vegetables	3	Why did they chop vegetables?	text	To make salad	To puree for soup	0
chopping vegetables	4	When did they finish?	commonsense	probably sometime in the early evening	around midnight	0
chopping vegetables	5	When did they pull out the cutting board?	text	Before the vegetables	After they rinsed the vegetables	1
chopping vegetables	6	Why did they need to chop vegetables?	text	For the saute	To make salad	1
chopping vegetables	7	How did they chop vegetables?	text	Into very large pieces	carefully	1
going dancing	0	What kind of dancing was it?	text	Ballroom dancing	Square dancing.	1
going dancing	1	At what location is the dance being held?	text	At the community center	police station	0
going dancing	2	What kind of music is playing?	commonsense	country music	Disco music	0
going dancing	3	Where were they dancing?	text	At the community center	At home	0
going dancing	4	What is their favorite music to dance to?	commonsense	Square Dance Music	they don't have any music	0
wrapping a gift	0	Where did they wrap the gift?	text	table	On their bed	0
wrapping a gift	1	Who bought the gift?	text	the narrator	mom	0
wrapping a gift	2	Why did they use tape to wrap the gift?	commonsense	To add decoration	to hold it together	1
wrapping a gift	3	Did they have enough wrapping paper to completely cover the gift?	text	yes, but they cut wrong the first time and needed a second try	no	0
wrapping a gift	4	Who wrapped the gift?	text	the narrator	mom	0
wrapping a gift	5	Why did they wrap it?	commonsense	time in their schedule	gift	0
wrapping a gift	6	Why did they put a bow on it?	commonsense	For structure	To make it festive	1
making breakfast	0	when did they make breakfast?	text	at night	Very early.	1
making breakfast	1	Did they put anything on their food?	text	Yes	No	0
making breakfast	2	What did they eat for breakfast?	text	eggs and bacon	bagel with cream cheese and lox	1
making breakfast	3	When did they wake up to cook breakfast?	text	After 4am	4 AM	1
making breakfast	4	What did they use to eat with?	commonsense	a fork and knife	their hands	1
wrapping a gift	0	Who wrapped the gift?	text	A relative	The Author	1
wrapping a gift	1	How long did it take?	commonsense	1 Hour	Not long	1
wrapping a gift	2	When did they use scissors to cut the paper?	text	At the store	After they laid out the wrapping paper.	1
wrapping a gift	3	Did they hide the gift?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
wrapping a gift	4	How did they get the wrapping paper?	text	they bought it	They had it from before.	0
wrapping a gift	5	What kind of wrapping paper did they use?	text	Happy Birthday Paper	It had celebrate on it	0
wrapping a gift	6	Did they wrap the gift easily?	commonsense	No, they were many complex steps/	Yes, it was easy.	1
wrapping a gift	7	What is the gift?	text	Scarf	A book.	1
wrapping a gift	8	Who was the present for?	text	no one	girlfriend	1
wrapping a gift	9	Did someone help wrap the gift?	commonsense	No, no one helped.	Yes	0
wrapping a gift	10	Who offered to help them?	text	their dad	No one	1
visiting relatives	0	Who did they visit while they were with her?	text	their aunt and uncle	Mark's friends	0
visiting relatives	1	Who went on the trip?	text	Mark and his coworkers.	Mark and his wife	1
visiting relatives	2	Did they stay with their relatives at their house?	text	No, they stayed at a hotel in Boston.	Yes, they stayed to enjoy their family's backyard.	0
throwing a party	0	When is the party?	text	Christmas	Halloween	1
throwing a party	1	Why did they throw a party?	text	for Easter	For Halloween	1
mailing a letter	0	When did the mailman pick up the letter?	text	The next day	that evening	0
mailing a letter	1	How did they seal the envelope?	commonsense	Wet the flap	Did not seal it	0
mailing a letter	2	What was written in the letter?	text	instructions for building something	they were telling their grandma about their life	1
mailing a letter	3	To whom did they write the letter to?	text	their grandma	Grandfather	0
mailing a letter	4	when does the mailman come?	text	the same day	every day	1
mailing a letter	5	Was the letter small or large?	commonsense	large	small	1
mailing a letter	6	Who is the letter addressed to?	text	their grandma	their father	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	Where were they when they took it?	commonsense	At work	at home	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	Who took the medicine?	text	the child	The author	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	Was the medicine red?	commonsense	no, orange	Yes	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	Was somebody holding a spoon?	text	no	yes	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	What did they give?	text	Children's Liquid Tylenol.	Bayer Baby Aspirin	0
taking a taxi	0	When did they call for a taxi?	text	after leaving baggage claim	after leaving airport	0
taking a taxi	1	Who was in the taxi?	text	The driver and the friend	The narrator and the driver	1
taking a taxi	2	Why did they take the taxi?	text	Their friend was sick.	Needed a ride.	1
renting a movie	0	Was the movie rented online?	text	no	yes	0
renting a movie	1	when does it have to be returned?	text	Never	in 24 hours	1
renting a movie	2	Did it take a long time to rent the movie?	commonsense	yes	no	1
renting a movie	3	how long is the renting time?	text	24 hours	8 hours	0
renting a movie	4	How was the movie rented?	text	Online	From the cable provider.	1
renting a movie	5	Did it take a long time to pick out the movie?	commonsense	Not very long	It took all day	0
renting a movie	6	did they like movie?	text	no	yes	1
renting a movie	7	who rented the movie	text	a friend of the storyteller	The narrator.	1
renting a movie	8	Why did they decide to rent a movie?	text	they were bored	they did not rent a movie	0
renting a movie	9	Did they enjoy the rented movie?	text	no	yes	1
renting a movie	10	What vendor did they rent the movie from?	text	The cable provider	movie rental box	0
making breakfast	0	Who was the cook?	text	Parent.	The Author	1
making breakfast	1	How did the breakfast taste?	commonsense	Wonderful.	bad	0
making breakfast	2	Was it cooked just right?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making breakfast	3	Was the food tasty?	commonsense	yes	no	0
visiting the beach	0	Did they go swimming?	text	No, they don't like to swim.	Yes, they went swimming.	1
visiting the beach	1	What was the temperature?	commonsense	Hot	cold	0
visiting the beach	2	What beach did they visit?	text	Gulf Shores AL	Panama City FL	0
visiting the beach	3	How did they arrive?	text	by car	they walked	0
visiting the beach	4	Who went swimming?	text	just the kids	the story teller and their kids	1
visiting the beach	5	How big were the waves at the beach?	commonsense	small	They were very rough.	0
going to a funeral	0	Who's holding the funeral?	commonsense	man's family	Only members of the church where the funeral was being held	0
going to a funeral	1	Did they eat any of the food?	commonsense	Yes, because they went to a Greek restaurant.	No, they just gave toasts	0
going to a funeral	2	How did they know the dead person?	text	Grandfather of a friend	They were a stranger and didn't know anyone.	0
going to a funeral	3	Who's funeral was it?	text	The grandmother	a friend's grandfather	1
going to a funeral	4	Did people say nice things about the deceased?	text	yes	No, they said mean things about him.	0
going to a funeral	5	How old are they and when did this happen?	text	He was 20 and in a motel.	94, recently	1
going to a funeral	6	How did they know the deceased person?	text	It was their friend's grandfather.	It was their grandfather	0
going to a funeral	7	Did they chat with others at the funeral?	commonsense	no	yes-it was a celebration	1
going to a funeral	8	Why did people talk at the funeral?	text	to celebrate the life of the man	nobody spoke	0
going to a funeral	9	Was the funeral in a church?	text	Yes, they went to a party at a restaurant after the church service.	no, in a funeral home	0
feeding the fish	0	When did the fish eat?	text	late at night	When the food was put in the tank.	1
feeding the fish	1	When did the fish get fed?	text	Morning.	last night	0
feeding the fish	2	How long did it take to feed the fish?	commonsense	all day	Not long.	1
feeding the fish	3	How did they feed them?	text	They fed each fish by hand	By dropping fish food flakes in the tank.	1
feeding the fish	4	How do they measure the fish food?	text	By the cup full	Using a pinch.	1
feeding the fish	5	How many people helped feed the fish?	text	None, just the narrator	Three.	0
feeding the fish	6	Where was the fish food kept?	text	In the drawer	on top of the tank	0
going on a train	0	Why did they travel by train?	text	It was the only option they had	the scenery, to save money	1
going on a train	1	Why were they traveling?	text	They have a business meeting in NYC	They were on a honeymoon.	0
walking a dog	0	What was the name of the dog they walked?	text	Bob	Walter.	1
walking a dog	1	At what time in the day did they take their dog for a walk?	text	9 am.	in the afternoon	0
walking a dog	2	Where did they go along the way?	text	a loop in their neighborhood	a trail in the park	0
walking a dog	3	Whose dog did it belong to?	text	the narrator	his dad	0
walking a dog	4	How often do they walk the dog?	text	5 times a week.	about 3 times a week	0
walking a dog	5	What time of day was it?	text	evening	morning	1
walking a dog	6	How did they put the leash on the dog?	text	the leash tied to the dog directly	they attached it to the harness	1
walking a dog	7	Did the dog get any treats?	text	yes	No.	0
walking a dog	8	How long did they spend walking their dog?	text	2 hours.	30 minutes.	1
walking a dog	9	Is the dog tired after the walk?	text	yes	No.	0
walking a dog	10	When did the dog return home from the walk?	text	around 10:30am	around 9:30am	1
taking a driving lesson	0	Where did they have the lesson?	text	In the special car parked at the driving school.	At home	0
taking a driving lesson	1	Did anyone else take the lesson with them?	text	No, the lesson was taken alone.	Yes, another student was in the car and drove back to the school.	0
taking a driving lesson	2	Who was the driver?	text	the author	The instructor drove.	0
taking a driving lesson	3	How did they get to the lesson?	text	Their friend drove them to the lesson.	They walked to the lesson.	0
taking a driving lesson	4	Where did the instructor sit?	text	Next to the person telling the story.	They sat in the driver's seat.	0
taking a driving lesson	5	Who is giving them the lesson?	text	Their friend is teaching them.	A driving instructor.	1
getting the newspaper	0	What time of day was it?	text	night	Morning.	1
getting the newspaper	1	Who brought the paper?	text	The hotel receptionist	The person telling the story	1
getting the newspaper	2	Where did they get the paper?	text	at a gas station	at a newsstand	1
getting the newspaper	3	Did they read about their favorite team in the sports section?	commonsense	no	Yes	1
getting the newspaper	4	How is the newspaper printed?	commonsense	On a typewriter	In a printing office.	1
getting the newspaper	5	What time was it?	text	Early morning.	Early afternoon.	0
visiting relatives	0	Where did they go visit them?	text	In Cleveland.	Chicago	0
visiting relatives	1	When did they decide to meet their relatives?	commonsense	On Sundays.	They meet them on Monday mornings.	0
visiting relatives	2	How many relatives were they visiting?	text	one	6	0
visiting relatives	3	Do they want o come back again?	commonsense	No, they hate visiting there	Yes, they do.	1
visiting relatives	4	Where do the relatives live?	text	Boston	Cleveland	1
visiting relatives	5	What food did they eat at their relatives' place?	text	Cookies and cakes.	pie	0
cleaning up toys	0	Whose toys were they cleaning?	text	The nephews	the mom's toys	0
cleaning up toys	1	Did they have to pick up other items?	commonsense	No	toys and trash	0
cleaning up toys	2	Who cleaned up the toys?	text	The nephew did it alone.	The person telling the story and the nephew's mom	1
cleaning up toys	3	Was there a time limit to complete the task?	commonsense	Yes, they had two minutes before the bus came.	No	1
cleaning up toys	4	Did anyone help clean up?	text	His Dad	The mother	1
cleaning up toys	5	Why did they clean up the toys?	text	The house was too dirty	It was time to go home	1
cleaning up toys	6	Did they clean the kitchen?	commonsense	Yes, after picking up toys.	No, because it does not say anything about that.	1
cleaning up toys	7	Did anyone help them clean up their toys?	text	the mom helped the person telling the story	the nephew	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Was the dishwasher in a restaurant?	text	home	yes	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	Where did they put the plates?	text	Their cabinet.	on the top rack	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	Do they load the dishwasher as well as unload it as a rule?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Was there Tupperware in the dishwasher?	text	No	Yes	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	Where did they unload the dishwasher?	commonsense	In the garage.	Presumably the kitchen.	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Were any of the plates still wet?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
unloading the dishwasher	6	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	The narrator.	The maid	0
making a dinner reservation	0	Who made the reservation?	text	The Author	Husband.	0
making a dinner reservation	1	How many people was the reservation made for?	text	Four	Two.	1
making a dinner reservation	2	What restaurant was the reservation made for?	text	Estabans	McDonalds	0
making a dinner reservation	3	Who answered the phone call?	text	a young woman	A young man.	0
making a dinner reservation	4	Why was it necessary to make a reservation?	commonsense	To get a good table	To make sure there was enough food	0
making a dinner reservation	5	What day did they leave?	text	Sunday	Saturday	1
making a dinner reservation	6	Was it a fancy restaurant?	text	Yes	No	0
walking a dog	0	Why are they walking the dog?	text	the dog didn't want to go for a walk	Exercise	1
walking a dog	1	Was it a short walk or a long walk?	commonsense	long walk	short walk	1
walking a dog	2	Why did the dog stop in the middle of the walk?	text	He was startled by another dog.	he was tired	0
walking a dog	3	Why did they have to walk the dog?	text	the dog didn't want to go for a walk	bathroom	1
walking a dog	4	Can they take the leash off?	commonsense	no	yes	1
walking a dog	5	When did they walk the dog?	text	After returning from work.	before work	0
walking a dog	6	Is the dog friendly?	text	yes	no	0
walking a dog	0	How were they able to control the dog?	text	He hit the dog.	They used a leash.	1
walking a dog	1	Did the dog try to run away from them?	commonsense	yes	no	1
walking a dog	2	When did they walk the dog?	text	Today	yesterday	1
walking a dog	3	Was the dog a boy or a girl?	text	The dog is a boy.	The dog is a girl.	0
walking a dog	4	Where did they walk the dog?	text	in the backyard	down the street and to the park	1
walking a dog	5	Who is walking the dog?	text	the writer	The hired dog walker.	0
packing a suitcase	0	Were they going on vacation?	text	no	yes	1
packing a suitcase	1	How long were they packing for?	commonsense	a few days	two months	0
packing a suitcase	2	Did everything fit in the suitcase?	text	No, they needed another suitcase.	Yes, everything fit in the suitcase.	1
packing a suitcase	3	What color was the suitcase they used?	text	Blue and purple	black w/orange polka dots	1
packing a suitcase	4	Who packed the suitcase?	text	the narrator	Her family	0
packing a suitcase	5	Was it a business trip?	text	Yes, it was a business trip.	No, they were going to see family.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	How hot was their food?	commonsense	It was a cold sandwich	So hot it burned his mouth	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	How did they order their food?	commonsense	They ordered at the counter	With extra pickles and tomatoes	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	How long did it take to cook the food?	commonsense	an hour	Only a few minutes.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	What did that person ate?	text	Chips and a coke.	Tuna sandwich, soda and ordered chips but took them home to eat	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	What did they eat?	text	The #15 (tuna sandwich, chips and soda)	Pasta salad	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	How did they eat the food?	text	With their fingers	With a knife and fork	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	6	What did they drink?	text	a milkshake	A soda (fountain drink)	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	7	How did they get their drinks?	text	poured it from machine	waited for it	0
baking a cake	0	Who was there?	text	the Dad	the narrator and their friends	1
baking a cake	1	How long did it take for them to bake the cake?	commonsense	as long as the time on the box	three hours	0
baking a cake	2	Why are they using oven	text	mix icing	to bake a cake	1
preparing dinner	0	Where was the food prepared?	commonsense	at a restaurant	In the storyteller's kitchen.	1
preparing dinner	1	how long did dinner take to make?	commonsense	About twenty minutes.	more than a hour	0
preparing dinner	2	What were they cooking?	text	hotdogs	spaghetti with meat sauce	1
preparing dinner	3	Did they add anything extra to the food?	text	salt	no	0
painting a wall	0	How many colors were being painted?	text	1	three colors, red, blue, and white	0
painting a wall	1	What tools were needed to paint?	text	Paint, roller, tray, old sheets.	Paint brushes and paint.	0
painting a wall	2	Who painted the wall?	text	A group of painters	They did by themselves	1
painting a wall	3	Did they put down plastic to catch the paint?	text	Yes, plastic over everything.	No, old sheets.	1
painting a wall	4	What color was the paint?	text	green	Blue.	0
painting a wall	5	How did they make sure no paint got on the floor?	text	Put plastic over the floor.	Old bedsheets	1
taking the underground	0	Was there a fight between passengers on the train?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
taking the underground	1	Where are they going on the train?	text	To school.	Church	0
taking the underground	2	Where did they go on the underground?	commonsense	College	To the movies.	0
taking the underground	3	How long did they wait for the train?	text	About five minutes.	One hour	0
making a flight reservation	1	How far will they go flying?	text	very far	a short distance	0
making a flight reservation	2	Who made the reservation?	text	The person telling the story and their partner	Their wife did it alone.	0
making a flight reservation	3	Why did they need a reservation?	text	to have a seat to travel on the plane	so they could save time	0
making a flight reservation	4	Why did they need to make a reservation?	text	to save their spot on the plane	so they could save time	0
going to a funeral	0	What did they wear to the funeral?	text	They wore navy blue to the funeral.	Black clothes	1
going to a funeral	1	Who were they honoring at the funeral?	text	Their grandpa.	Their grandma	1
going to a funeral	2	Did they go to the cemetery?	text	No, because it was haunted	Yes	1
shopping online	0	Who bought the item?	text	a friend	Author	1
shopping online	1	who shopped online?	text	their friends	Author	1
shopping online	3	Where was the item mailed to?	commonsense	my friend's house	To the person buying	1
shopping online	4	Why did they buy it online instead?	text	Because they had a gift card	Because it was cheaper	0
shopping online	5	How did they pay for their purchases?	text	Amazon gift cards	Credit card	0
cleaning up a flat	0	What did they use to clean?	text	A mop, feather duster, and disinfectant	Glass cleaner, sponges, disinfectant, and a vacuum	1
cleaning up a flat	1	Who was there helping to clean?	commonsense	Their dad	Nobody helped.	1
cleaning up a flat	2	Why were they cleaning?	commonsense	To keep the place tidy.	Someone told them to.	0
cleaning up a flat	4	Did the cleaner use a mop?	text	yes	No.	1
cleaning up a flat	5	Was it a light or heavy cleaning?	commonsense	It was a heavy cleaning.	It was a light cleaning.	0
taking a driving lesson	0	Were there other people there?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
taking a driving lesson	1	What time was the lesson?	text	In the afternoon.	in the morning	0
taking a driving lesson	2	How many people were in the car?	text	5	Two.	1
taking a driving lesson	3	Did the class involve actual driving in a car or just learning?	text	actually driving in the car	Just learning	0
taking a driving lesson	4	Did they need to go to more lessons?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
taking a driving lesson	5	Why did they need to take a driving lesson?	text	they have to get their license back	driver's ed	1
taking a driving lesson	6	Who was taking the driving lesson?	text	my brother	the author	1
taking a driving lesson	7	Was it in a classroom with a teacher or with a private tutor?	text	Private Tutor	in a classroom	0
flying in a plane	0	Where was the pilot going?	text	Las Vegas	New York	0
flying in a plane	1	Was there a lot of other people on the plane?	commonsense	yes	no	0
flying in a plane	2	Where were they flying to?	text	Las Vegas	New York	0
flying in a plane	3	Why did they take the flight?	text	to go to a funeral	to celebrate the writer's brother's birthday	1
flying in a plane	4	Why are they flying?	text	business	brother's birthday celebration	1
unloading the dishwasher	0	Why did they unloaded the dishwasher?	commonsense	mom told them to	had dishes inside	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	How much stuff was in the dishwasher?	commonsense	it was full so a lot	a couple of things	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	How many people were unloading the dishwasher?	text	One.	Two.	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Did they unload it by themselves or did they have help?	text	unload themselves	with mom	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	Was the person who unloaded the dishwasher a resident of the house or someone hired to help?	text	maid	resident	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Did they unload cups?	text	Yes	No.	0
unloading the dishwasher	6	Where did they put the dishes?	text	On the counter	in cabinets	1
making a dinner reservation	0	When did they want to go to dinner?	text	That evening	Any day of the week.	0
making a dinner reservation	1	How many people will be attending?	text	The man and his wife	Four	0
making a dinner reservation	2	Did that make any requests for seating?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making a dinner reservation	3	When did they call the restaurant?	text	a few weeks before	The day of the celebration.	1
making a dinner reservation	4	What were some ways they were polite on the phone?	text	The hostess was very helpful at setting up the reservation	She gave him a coupon	0
making a dinner reservation	5	Was it call ahead seating or early reservation?	text	call ahead seating	early reservation	1
making a dinner reservation	6	What day is the reservation for?	text	A week from today	tonight	1
making a dinner reservation	7	Did they specify their order before coming to the restaurant?	text	No	Yes	0
going dancing	0	What did they wear to go dancing?	text	Jeans and a nice shirt	Sharp, formal clothes	1
going dancing	1	Where did they go dancing?	text	The town hall	At the high school gym	0
going dancing	2	Do they wear special shoes to dance?	commonsense	yes	no	0
going dancing	3	What were people wearing?	text	formal clothes	Bathing suits	0
going dancing	4	Did they know how to dance?	commonsense	He danced with a few people so yes	No	0
sending party invitations	0	Who wrote all the invitations?	text	The narrator's sister	they did	1
sending party invitations	1	Who sent the invitations?	text	They sent their sister to do it.	The narrator	1
sending party invitations	2	What was the party for?	text	A friend's baby shower	A wedding	0
sending party invitations	3	How did they send out the party invitations to people?	text	email	through post	1
sending party invitations	4	did they say if there were balloons?	text	yes	no	1
sending party invitations	5	Why are they throwing a party?	text	A friend's birthday party.	A friend is having a baby shower	1
cleaning up a flat	0	Who did the cleaning?	commonsense	a cleaning service	the author	1
cleaning up a flat	1	What time did they begin tidying the flat?	text	This morning	In the afternoon	0
cleaning up a flat	2	Why did they decide to clean up the flat?	text	it was clean	The flat was messy	1
cleaning up a flat	3	Who cleaned the flat?	commonsense	the police	the author	1
cleaning up a flat	4	Did the flat look clean after they were done cleaning?	commonsense	Yes it looked nice.	No it was still dirty.	0
cleaning up a flat	5	Why were they cleaning?	text	The apartment wasn't clean	it was raining	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	How did they dispose of the old batteries?	text	put in garbage	Recycled	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	Where did they put the clock after it had new batteries?	text	in the drawer	On the table.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	How many batteries did they need to change?	text	Four.	Two	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	How were the batteries changed?	text	The old ones were removed, and the new ones inserted	Took the clock to the store	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	Why did they change the batteries?	text	They were low	The batteries in the alarm clock were missing.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	Did they need to go to the store to buy the batteries?	text	No.	yes	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	6	Where was the alarm clock?	text	On the table.	Under the table.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	7	How many batteries did the clock need?	text	Four.	Two.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	8	What type of clock was it?	text	Grandfather clock	alarm clock	1
making a bonfire	0	What did they do just before starting the bonfire?	text	Add the wood	eat smores	0
making a bonfire	1	where did they get the wood	text	from store	gathered from beach	1
making a bonfire	2	When did they light the fire?	text	After adding the wood.	early in the morning	0
making a bonfire	3	Was it difficult to start the fire?	commonsense	yes	no	1
making a bonfire	4	Why have a bonfire rather than something else?	text	Favorite thing to do on summer vacation.	because it rains	0
making a bonfire	5	Did they have fun?	commonsense	yes	no it was boring	0
renovating a room	0	How many people were involved?	commonsense	It sounded like just one.	Three	0
renovating a room	1	What kinds of tools were they using?	commonsense	A shovel, a pick axe, and a lawn mower.	Paintbrush, hammer	1
renovating a room	2	When did they finish?	text	When they painted the walls.	After their chair was delivered.	1
renovating a room	3	Who renovated it?	text	The person telling the story.	The construction crew.	0
renovating a room	4	When were they finally finished renovating the room?	text	After their chair was delivered.	Before the chair arrived.	0
renovating a room	5	How did the room look afterward?	commonsense	great	Horrible.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	What will the food be cooked in?	text	A pan.	A pot	0
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Where was the food heated?	text	in the kitchen	in the living room	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	how did they heat the food?	text	in the microwave	On a gas stove.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	How do you turn the gas off?	commonsense	Turn the knob off	Unplug the stove	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	What kind of stove or grill were they using?	text	gas stove	an electric stove	0
getting a haircut	0	Where was the haircut done?	text	A local barbershop	At son-in-law's	1
getting a haircut	1	Are they also getting a shave?	text	no	yes	0
getting a haircut	2	Did they blow-dry their hair?	text	No	Yes	1
getting a haircut	3	Why did they get their hair cut?	commonsense	hair needs to be maintained so it was simply time	she wanted a new look	0
getting a haircut	4	How did the haircut turn out?	commonsense	Great, the narrator feels beautiful	It was a disaster!	0
getting a haircut	5	Where did they get their hair cut?	text	downtown at their son-in-law's salon	The barber next to their work.	0
getting a haircut	6	How long did they have to wait to get into the stylist's chair?	text	There was no wait	One hour	0
getting a haircut	7	How long did it take?	text	about 2 hours	Under an hour	0
getting a haircut	8	Why did they get a cape over them	commonsense	To protect their clothes.	it's stylish	0
playing tennis	0	What kind of clothes was the player wearing?	text	They wore long pants.	They wore tennis clothes.	1
playing tennis	1	Did they have their own tennis rackets?	text	No, they had to buy rackets.	Yes, they had their own rackets.	1
playing tennis	2	Who played together?	text	Two friends	He and his father	0
playing tennis	3	Why did they play?	commonsense	Because they like tennis.	Because they were in a gym class.	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	Did they check out any other books as well?	text	Yes several books	no just 1	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	Who was at the counter when they checked the book out?	text	Secretary	librarian	1
borrowing a book from the library	2	Who borrowed the book?	commonsense	The storyteller	The librarian	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	Why did they get books at the library?	commonsense	To read	They needed them for a book report	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	What is the genre of the book?	text	play,biography and history.	Sports	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	Why did they want to read the book?	commonsense	For a book report	bored	1
having a barbecue	0	Who came to the barbecue?	text	His parents.	The couple's friends	1
having a barbecue	1	What time of day was the BBQ?	commonsense	Afternoon	Saturday evening.	0
having a barbecue	2	What did they bring to the barbecue?	text	only aluminum foil	Food and picnic supplies	1
having a barbecue	3	Who was at the barbecue?	text	A couple and their friends	The author and his parents.	0
having a barbecue	4	Did others bring food to share?	text	Yes, they did.	No, they didn't.	0
having a barbecue	5	Who else was invited to the barbecue?	text	9 people	Friends	1
planning a holiday trip	0	Who planned the trip?	text	the author and their family	Their wife.	0
planning a holiday trip	1	Did they pay for their vacation in advance?	text	Yes, they paid the travel agent.	No, they paid afterwards.	0
planning a holiday trip	2	What do they use to pack their clothes?	commonsense	They packed their clothes in suitcases.	purses	0
planning a holiday trip	3	Who is going on the holiday trip?	text	a friend	the narrator and their family	1
going to the dentist	0	Did they like the dentist?	text	Yes	No	0
going to the dentist	1	How many cavities did they have?	commonsense	five	zero	1
going to the dentist	2	Were they scared at the dentists office?	text	Yes, a little nervous.	No.	0
going to the dentist	3	When did they go to the dentist?	text	last week	yesterday	1
going to the dentist	4	What procedure did the dentist do during the visit?	text	teeth cleaning	wisdom tooth removal	0
going to a shopping centre	0	For what occasion were they shopping for?	text	Christmas	Their mom's birthday	1
going to a shopping centre	1	Did they buy anybody gifts?	text	yes, she bought her mom some shoes	No, they ended up buying a gift card instead	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Where did they shop?	text	Walmart	Dicks sporting goods, Yankee Candle, and Starbucks	1
going to a shopping centre	3	How did they get there?	commonsense	They took a bus	They drove	1
going to a shopping centre	4	Who paid for the purchases?	text	Their mom	the narrator	1
ironing laundry	0	when was the last time they ironed?	commonsense	The last time speaker's clothes were washed	they have never ironed before	0
ironing laundry	1	How did the laundry look after being ironed?	text	It did not look good.	It looked great.	1
ironing laundry	2	was there enough water in the iron?	commonsense	yes as the owner was using it while narrating	no, the iron didn't work.	0
ironing laundry	3	Why were they ironing?	text	to take out the wrinkles	to dry the clothes	0
ironing laundry	4	What did the iron do to the clothes?	text	takes out the wrinkles	It burned them.	0
ironing laundry	5	Did they need to put water iron?	commonsense	Yes, the iron requires water for steaming	No, only unleaded gas	0
ironing laundry	6	Did they have to do all the ironing by themselves?	text	No, a friend pitched in	Yes they did.	1
ironing laundry	7	What items of the laundry were ironed?	text	shirts and pants	Sheets	0
feeding a cat	0	What color is the cat?	text	black	orange	1
feeding a cat	1	What is the cat's name?	text	Tom.	Henry.	1
feeding a cat	2	How long did the cat eat?	text	Half an hour.	Several minutes	1
feeding a cat	3	Who fed the cat every day?	commonsense	The person in the story	A next door neighbor	0
feeding a cat	4	does the cat get hungry often?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
feeding a cat	5	How long did it take to prepare the food?	commonsense	not long	About an hour.	0
feeding a cat	6	Did the cat beg for food?	text	no	yes	1
feeding a cat	7	Did anyone help to feed the cat?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
feeding a cat	8	Was it wet food or dry food?	text	Dry food.	Both types.	1
preparing dinner	0	Did they use an oven?	text	Yes	No	1
preparing dinner	1	Who prepared the dinner?	text	The author's mother.	The author.	1
preparing dinner	2	What types of vegetables did they prepare for the dinner?	text	Frozen mixed vegetables	Canned mixed vegetables	0
preparing dinner	3	Who was making dinner?	text	The author.	The author's housekeeper.	0
preparing dinner	4	How long did dinner take to prepare?	commonsense	2 hours	Not very long.	1
preparing dinner	5	When did they start making the dinner?	text	Last night	in the morning	0
preparing dinner	6	When was dinner prepared?	text	Last week	Nighttime	1
making toasted bread	0	how long should the bread be toasted?	commonsense	an hours	A few minutes	1
making toasted bread	1	Why do people like toast?	commonsense	It is cold.	the taste is good	1
making toasted bread	2	Did they make more than one piece of toast?	text	no	Yes they made two	1
making toasted bread	3	How many pieces of bread did they toast?	text	One.	Two.	1
making toasted bread	4	What did they put the toast on?	text	A plate	A napkin.	0
making toasted bread	5	How does the toaster make the bread crunchy?	commonsense	with pressure	Through heating it.	1
making toasted bread	6	Was anyone else in the room?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making toasted bread	7	What did they eat with the toast?	text	Just the toppings	peanut butter	0
making toasted bread	8	How long did it take for the bread to cool off?	commonsense	Hours	just a minute.	1
making toasted bread	9	What did they put on the toast?	text	it didn't say.	Butter or Jelly.	1
going to the sauna	0	What does the steam do?	text	It cools you off.	relaxes	1
going to the sauna	1	Who went to the sauna?	text	A family	The storyteller and their friends.	1
going to the sauna	2	Do they want to go back to the sauna in the future?	commonsense	No they do not.	Yes they do.	1
going to the sauna	3	Were there other people in the sauna?	text	Yes	No there was not.	0
going to the sauna	4	Was it dark in the sauna?	commonsense	No it was not.	Yes it was.	0
going to the sauna	5	How long did they spend inside the sauna?	text	a half hour	About twenty minutes.	1
going to the sauna	6	Why did they go to the sauna?	text	to relax	To cool off	0
going to the sauna	7	Why did they sweat in the sauna?	commonsense	Because they were nervous.	body reacted to the heat	1
preparing a picnic	0	Who was going on the picnic?	text	The family of 6.	Maryam and her husband	0
preparing a picnic	2	Did they pack drinks?	text	No	Yes	1
preparing a picnic	3	why did they choose to do a picnic?	commonsense	To teach the kids to prepare food.	it was something they enjoyed doing as a family.	1
planning a holiday trip	0	How were they planning the trip?	text	They use a computer and search information.	by newspaper	0
planning a holiday trip	1	Are they going to more than one place?	text	yes	no	0
planning a holiday trip	2	Why did they decide to go to that location?	text	So they could see their family.	The author's friends recommend them.	0
planning a holiday trip	3	What do they use to pack their clothes?	text	box	Suitcase.	1
planning a holiday trip	4	What are they going to see?	text	They are going on a work trip.	They are visiting some family.	1
cleaning the shower	0	Who was cleaning the shower?	text	My Friend	the author	1
cleaning the shower	1	Whose shower are they cleaning?	commonsense	a hotel shower	their own shower	1
cleaning the shower	2	What did they use to help them clean?	text	sponge & bath tub cleaner	A bucket and bleach	0
cleaning the shower	3	Will they need to clean the shower again?	text	Yes	No	0
cleaning the shower	4	How did they clean the tub?	text	Scrub every inch	Do a quick wipe down	0
cleaning the shower	5	Did they use a bucket of water?	text	Yes	No	1
cleaning the shower	6	What detergent or cleaner did they use?	text	Bathtub Cleaner	Regular Soap	0
making a flight reservation	0	What documents were needed to make the reservation?	commonsense	Id info and payment	grocery list	0
making a flight reservation	1	where are they going?	text	Las Vegas	Hawaii	1
making a flight reservation	2	What will they be taking with them for the trip?	commonsense	nothing	clothes, money, sunscreen	1
making a flight reservation	3	Why are they flying instead of driving?	commonsense	They have to cross an ocean	they were afraid of cars	0
making a flight reservation	4	How did they pay for the flight?	commonsense	Did not pay	credit card	1
making a camping trip	0	Was more than one person going on the trip?	text	Yes there was.	No there was not.	0
making a camping trip	1	have they camped before?	text	No they have not.	Yes they have.	1
making a camping trip	2	Who will be camping with them?	text	Their parents	Their friends and their dog.	1
making a camping trip	3	Do they like camping?	text	Yes they do.	No they do not.	0
packing a suitcase	0	What did they put into the suitcase?	text	Toys and Garden tools	clothing, shoes and toiletries	1
packing a suitcase	1	For how long are they leaving?	text	1 Week	1 Month	0
packing a suitcase	2	Where were they traveling to?	text	Greece	Florence, Italy	1
packing a suitcase	3	How large was the suitcase?	commonsense	small	large	1
packing a suitcase	4	Where are they taking the suitcase to?	text	Florence, Italy	Florida	0
packing a suitcase	5	What order did they pack the clothes in?	text	Small things first	largest to smallest	1
packing a suitcase	6	Where are they going with the packed suitcase?	text	Mexico	Florence, Italy	1
packing a suitcase	7	Why did they need to pack a suitcase?	text	they're going on a trip to Italy	To put their clothes away	0
packing a suitcase	8	How many shirts were taken?	text	10	5	1
packing a suitcase	9	Were there pens in the suitcase?	commonsense	yes	no	1
packing a suitcase	10	How long did it take to pack the suitcase?	commonsense	not too long, maybe 30 min	2 Hours	0
packing a suitcase	11	Whose suitcase are they packing?	text	their own	a friend's	0
washing clothes	0	Where did they wash the clothes?	text	They washed them at home.	dryer	0
washing clothes	1	Who was doing the washing?	text	sister did it	the narrator	1
washing clothes	2	Were they washing colored clothes?	text	both whites and colored	No, they washed whites.	0
washing clothes	3	Did they go to a laundry mat?	text	No, they were at home.	Yes, they went to laundry mat.	0
washing clothes	4	Who washed the clothes?	text	dad	the narrator	1
getting a haircut	0	When was their appointment?	text	At 10:00 a.m. the following day after the appointment was made.	For next week.	1
getting a haircut	1	Who cut their hair?	text	A new stylist they had never been to before.	Their hairdresser/stylist.	1
getting a haircut	2	Did they wash their hair too?	text	No	yes, the hairstylist washed their hair	1
driving a car	0	Did they have enough gas for the trip?	commonsense	No,they stopped for gas.	Yes,they did.	1
driving a car	1	Where were they driving to?	commonsense	an undisclosed location	church	0
driving a car	2	Did they drive the car somewhere?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a shower	0	Where did they stand in the shower?	commonsense	Near the faucets.	At the back.	0
taking a shower	1	Why did they need a shower?	commonsense	So her dog would stop following her.	they need one everyday	1
taking a shower	2	Was the water warm or cold?	text	Warm then cold.	It was very cold and never warmed up.	0
taking a shower	3	Who was taking the shower?	text	The guest.	the story teller	1
making a flight reservation	0	are they visiting someone?	text	No.	yes	0
making a flight reservation	1	Why did they need reservations?	text	Vacation.	to visit family	0
making a flight reservation	2	Who was the reservation for?	text	Their family.	Their cousins.	0
making a flight reservation	3	Are they flying for work or vacation?	text	vacation	Work.	0
making a flight reservation	4	Was the reservation made at an airport?	text	no	yes	0
making a flight reservation	5	Are they afraid of flying?	commonsense	yes	No.	1
making a flight reservation	6	who will they go with?	text	the whole family	Friends.	0
making a flight reservation	7	Where were they going?	text	Florida.	New Orleans	0
making a flight reservation	8	How did they make the reservations?	text	booked them online	booked them in person	0
making a flight reservation	9	Were they going on a vacation?	text	yes	No.	0
renovating a room	0	Were people hired to paint the room?	text	Yes	No	1
renovating a room	1	How did they begin?	text	moved the furniture	They painted the ceiling	0
renovating a room	2	Why did they renovate the room?	text	It was looking shabby.	It was the wrong color	0
renovating a room	3	When were they finished?	text	After they put up the light switches and fixtures	After they painted the ceiling	0
renovating a room	4	What did they do to the room?	text	Bought all new furniture.	renovated	1
renovating a room	5	Which type of renovation work were they doing?	text	Plumbing work	Cosmetic.	1
renovating a room	6	Which room did they renovate?	text	Kitchen	Their bedroom.	1
renovating a room	7	What was they first thing they did to the room?	text	put in the new carpet	They took all the furniture out	1
renovating a room	8	Why were they doing the work?	text	because they couldn't afford a new house.	To make their bedroom look better	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Who was washing their hair?	text	The narrator	their mom	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	How many times did they shampoo their hair?	text	twice	once	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	How many times did they wash their hair?	text	once	twice	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Did they wash their hair in the salon?	text	yes	no in home	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	If someplace else, where were they?	text	school	home	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	What was used to wash their hair?	text	shampoo, conditioner, a cup and a towel	Soap and water	0
washing one¡¯s hair	6	How long was the conditioner left in?	text	10 minutes	a couple of minutes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	7	How did the shampoo smell?	text	like grapes	like strawberries	0
washing one¡¯s hair	9	Who washed their hair?	text	the narrator	Their mom	0
washing one¡¯s hair	10	Why were they washing their hair?	commonsense	It needed to be washed	it was clean	0
washing one¡¯s hair	11	Did somebody else help them was their hair?	text	no he alone did	yes mother	0
answering the phone	0	Did they run to answer the phone?	text	No, they walked over slowly	Yes, they ran to answer it.	1
answering the phone	1	Why did they choose to answer the phone?	commonsense	because it was ringing	they were waiting for a call	0
answering the phone	2	How long was the phone call?	commonsense	a few minutes	Very long	0
answering the phone	3	Was there only one person calling?	text	Yes, Grandma Mary.	No, Grandma and Grandpa	0
answering the phone	4	What did they talk about?	text	They talked about the weather.	getting josh's dad to call her back	1
answering the phone	5	What were they doing before they answered the phone?	text	Watching TV	Sleeping on the couch	1
answering the phone	6	Who called them?	text	Dad	Their Grandma Mary	1
answering the phone	7	Who was the call for?	text	josh's dad	Grandma	0
answering the phone	8	How many people did they talk to?	text	Two, Grandma and Grandpa	Just one.	1
answering the phone	9	How long did call last?	commonsense	5 hours.	A few minutes.	1
answering the phone	10	How pleasant was the phone call?	commonsense	It was unpleasant	nice	1
painting a wall	0	Where did the paint come from?	text	The wife purchased it at the store.	It was left over paint, from the neighbor.	0
painting a wall	1	Who painted the wall?	text	Professional Painters	Both husband and wife	1
painting a wall	2	How did they get the paint home.	commonsense	shipped it home	the wife brought it home, probably in the car	1
painting a wall	3	Was it their house or someone else's?	text	It was her mother's house.	their house	1
painting a wall	4	How did they protect the furniture in the room?	text	took it out of the room	moved and covered it	1
painting a wall	5	Who mixed the paint?	commonsense	The store mixed up the paint when purchased	The husband	0
painting a wall	6	How many people painted the wall?	text	10 people.	2 people	1
cooking pasta	0	Who was cooking the pasta?	text	the author	an Italian chef.	0
cooking pasta	1	Where were they cooking pasta?	text	In the kitchen	In the sitting room	0
cooking pasta	2	Did they put sauce on the pasta?	text	yes	no	0
cooking pasta	3	did everyone eat the pasta?	commonsense	No	Presumably yes	1
cooking pasta	4	Why did they make pasta?	text	to make pasta salad	To feed their guests	1
cooking pasta	5	Were they at a restaurant?	text	No, at the person's home	Yes	0
cooking pasta	6	Why were they cooking the pasta?	text	For fun	to feed their guests	1
answering the doorbell	0	Why was the doorbell rung?	text	To see if it worked	To get the speaker's attention	1
answering the doorbell	1	Where were they at when they heard the doorbell?	text	In the kitchen	The store	0
answering the doorbell	2	Do they have a key for the door?	commonsense	no	yes	0
answering the doorbell	3	Why did they come to our house?	text	To deliver a package.	To deliver a pizza	0
answering the doorbell	4	How long did they speak?	commonsense	For less than a minute	at length	0
answering the doorbell	5	How did they come here, by car?	commonsense	By Mail van	By bus	0
answering the doorbell	6	Do they want to play with me?	commonsense	no, the person is busy cooking lunch and the postman must go on with the route	yes	0
answering the doorbell	7	Will the visitor be allowed in the house?	commonsense	no	yes	0
answering the doorbell	8	Is it my friend who came to see me?	text	no	yes	0
answering the doorbell	9	How long did they talk for?	commonsense	Only a minute	All afternoon	0
answering the doorbell	10	What house had it's doorbell rung?	text	It was a neighbors house.	The person's house in the story.	1
baking a cake	0	Did they bake the cake successfully?	commonsense	no, it burnt up in the oven	yes	1
baking a cake	1	Did anyone else help with baking the cake?	text	granddaughter	grandson	0
repairing a bicycle	0	Was the bike damaged, or was it just regular maintenance that was needed?	commonsense	maintenance	damaged	1
repairing a bicycle	1	How long were they without their bicycle?	commonsense	no time	3 days	0
repairing a bicycle	2	where did they fix it at or get it fixed?	text	they fixed it where it went flat	at the bike shop	0
repairing a bicycle	3	Where was the bicycle repaired?	commonsense	by the road	a bike shop	0
repairing a bicycle	4	Where is the bicycle being repaired?	commonsense	by the road	At a repair shop	0
repairing a bicycle	5	How long did it take to repair the bicycle?	text	5 minutes	1 hour	0
checking in at an airport	0	Where are they going?	text	New York	Las Vegas	1
checking in at an airport	1	What company are they flying with?	text	Southwest.	Delta	0
checking in at an airport	2	Why are they going through the security terminal?	commonsense	It is required	because security told them to	0
checking in at an airport	3	Why did they arrive to the airport early?	commonsense	to have time to check in	to grab some lunch before the flight	0
checking in at an airport	4	Did everything go smoothly at check in?	commonsense	Yes, they checked in with no problems.	No, they encountered a lot of problems.	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Will the trip be exciting?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planning a holiday trip	1	What activities is that area known for?	commonsense	The clean beaches.	Amusement parks	1
planning a holiday trip	2	Who is going on the trip?	text	friends	narrator and family	1
taking a taxi	0	When did they take the taxi?	text	morning before work and after work	Just in the morning	0
taking a taxi	1	When did they decide they needed a taxi?	text	after getting to work	When their car had trouble/morning	1
taking a taxi	2	When did the taxi arrive?	text	2 hours later	Shortly after being called	1
taking a taxi	3	Did their driver make good conversation ?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
taking a taxi	4	What color was the taxi?	text	Green	Yellow	1
taking a taxi	5	Where were they going?	text	School	Work and then home	1
taking a taxi	6	Was the driver friendly?	text	No.	Yes	1
renting a movie	0	Where were they when they rented the movie?	text	Blockbuster	at a Redbox	1
renting a movie	1	Did it take a long time to rent the movie?	text	yes	no	1
renting a movie	2	Why did they go to the video store?	text	they had to return a movie	To rent a movie	1
renting a movie	3	Does the movie store have a drop box to return movies?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
renting a movie	4	Where was the movie rented?	text	At the video store.	At the Red Box.	1
renting a movie	5	is it DVD or VHS?	commonsense	DVD	VHS	0
renting a movie	6	Did they want to watch a movie?	text	Yes	No	0
renting a movie	7	Which movie did they rent?	text	Central Intelligence	Western Intelligence	0
making soup	0	Did everyone like the soup?	text	No, it tasted terrible.	Yes, they did.	1
making soup	1	Why were they making soup?	text	To eat.	To take to grandma.	0
making soup	2	Who made the soup?	text	The narrator	Everybody	0
making soup	3	Why did the soup boil?	commonsense	it needed to boil in order to cook	It was in the oven.	0
making soup	4	How long did it take to make the soup.?	text	4 hours	It took 2 hours.	1
cleaning the shower	0	why are they cleaning it?	text	The shower smells bad.	To get rid of built-up things.	1
cleaning the shower	1	What was the main reason they were cleaning the shower at that time?	text	They were told to.	The shower was dirty.	1
cleaning the shower	2	How did the bathroom smell after they cleaned the shower?	text	it smelled fresh	Stinky	0
cleaning the shower	3	did they have any help cleaning it?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
cleaning the shower	4	Did it smell clean after they cleaned it?	text	No.	yes	1
cleaning the shower	5	Did they use warm or cold water?	commonsense	cold water	warm water	1
cleaning the shower	6	how long did it take to clean?	text	30 minutes.	15 minutes.	1
cleaning the shower	7	How did the cleaner start cleaning the shower?	text	Put soap on sponge	Scrubbing with a sponge	1
cleaning the shower	8	What detergent or cleaner did they use?	text	Soap	Antibacterial bathroom cleaning gel	1
cleaning the shower	9	Who cleaned in the story?	text	maid	Individual	1
cleaning up a flat	0	Who did the cleaning?	text	The narrator.	The friends that stayed after the party helped clean up.	0
cleaning up a flat	1	Who was the owner of the flat?	text	The story teller	One of the party guests	0
cleaning up a flat	2	Who started cleaning the flat?	text	The story teller	The friends	0
cleaning up a flat	3	Did the flat look clean after they were done cleaning?	commonsense	Yes	No, it was still messy.	0
cleaning up a flat	4	What did they use to clean the carpet?	text	Mop	A vacuum cleaner	1
cleaning up a flat	5	Who was there helping to clean?	text	everybody who was at the party	No one helped	1
cleaning up a flat	6	Why did it take them so long to clean?	commonsense	There had not been a party	Because there was a lot to clean up from the party.	1
cleaning up a flat	7	Did they take any breaks while cleaning?	text	Yes they took a nap while floor was drying	Yes, they took a few small reads in between.	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Why does the vacuum make lines in the carpet?	commonsense	it's haunted	from the suction	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	Why did they open the closet door?	text	to find the broom	to get the vacuum out	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	Why did they decide to vacuum?	text	Once a week chore	it's a regular twice a week chore	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	How did they turn on the vacuum?	commonsense	unplugging it	the power switch	1
vacuuming the carpet	5	Do you have to be strong to use the vacuum?	commonsense	Anyone can use the vacuum easily.	Yes, very strong.	0
vacuuming the carpet	6	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	their mom	The narrator.	1
vacuuming the carpet	7	Why was the carpet dirty?	commonsense	it just gets dirty through every day living	he spilled soda on it	0
going to the sauna	0	How hot was the sauna?	commonsense	350 degrees Fahrenheit	Steaming hot	1
going to the sauna	1	What kind of clothing did they have to wear to be in the sauna?	text	Heavy clothes	None, just robe	1
going to the sauna	2	Did they were shoes in the sauna?	text	No, they were stored in a locker	Yes, high heels	0
going to the sauna	3	What did they do there?	text	Went swimming	relax in the heat	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Where were they making it?	text	Kitchen	fresh lemon juice	0
making fresh orange juice	1	Would they do it again?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making fresh orange juice	2	How did they get the juice from the oranges?	text	hand squeezed and used  a spoon	Eat it	0
making fresh orange juice	3	How long did it take to squeeze the oranges?	commonsense	A little while	all day	0
making fresh orange juice	4	Were they making orange juice for someone other than themselves?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Where did they store the juice after it was made?	commonsense	Cupboard	Refrigerator	1
making fresh orange juice	6	Did they enjoy it?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making fresh orange juice	7	Who cut the oranges?	text	the author	the neighbor	0
making fresh orange juice	8	What did they do after making the juice?	commonsense	clean up	Threw it out	0
repairing a bicycle	0	How is the bicycle being repaired?	text	the repairman did	by hand	1
repairing a bicycle	1	How long did it take to repair the bicycle?	commonsense	a couple of days	A few minutes	1
repairing a bicycle	2	How did the bicycle break?	text	a pedal fell off	inner tube was punctured	1
repairing a bicycle	3	why did they need to fix their bike in the first place?	text	the gear chain fell off	inner tube was punctured	1
repairing a bicycle	4	Where did they repair the bicycle?	text	in a park	outside	1
cooking fish	0	what kind of fish was cooked?	text	flounder	Salmon.	1
cooking fish	1	How did they took the fish, by baking, steaming or frying it?	text	they fried the fish	baked	1
cooking fish	2	Who was cooking the fish?	text	The chef at the restaurant.	speaker	1
cooking fish	3	How many fish were cooked?	text	1 piece of salmon	Two.	0
cooking fish	4	How did they prepare the fish?	text	They used lemon pepper.	They broiled it with soy, honey, dijon mustard, salt, and pepper	1
paying bills	0	What was each bill for?	text	manager, credit cards, phone, electricity	There were no bills	0
paying bills	1	What were the bills for?	text	manager, credit cards, phone, electricity	Rent, electric, internet and water.	0
paying bills	2	Who paid the bills?	text	Nobody is paying any bills	The narrator did	1
paying bills	3	Why do they have to pay bills?	text	They are due.	to build credit	0
paying bills	4	Are they paying their bills on time?	text	No, they are not paying them on time.	Yes, they pay all bills on time.	1
paying bills	5	What time period are the bills for?	text	1 year	1 month	1
paying bills	6	How many bills did they pay?	text	Ten	Five	1
paying bills	7	Did they have enough money to pay their bills?	commonsense	No, a few bills were missed.	Yes, all bills were paid	1
paying bills	8	When did they pay the bills?	text	1st of the month	They pay them on the third of every month	1
going to the sauna	0	When did they go home?	commonsense	Before the treatment was finished	When they have finished	1
going to the sauna	1	Was the sauna relaxing?	text	Yes	No, it was too hot	1
going to the sauna	2	Did they enjoy the sauna?	text	yes it was refreshing	No, it was too hot	1
working in the garden	0	What types of plants did they have?	text	Bananas	They had tomatoes, beans, cabbage, eggplant, and herbs	1
working in the garden	1	How many different things did they plant?	text	only 1 thing	Six.	1
working in the garden	2	What were they doing?	text	They were helping a friend.	Working in their garden.	1
working in the garden	3	Who helped them work in the garden?	text	No one helped.	Their husband helped them.	0
working in the garden	4	Why did they bring plenty of water to the garden?	commonsense	To wash their tools.	so the plants would grow	1
working in the garden	5	What tools did they use in the garden?	commonsense	They used a shovel and a rake.	hammers	0
working in the garden	6	Do they plant flowers or vegetables?	text	flowers	They planted vegetables and herbs.	1
cooking fish	0	Did they need to cook anything else to go with the fish?	text	No.	yes	0
cooking fish	1	How long did it take to cook the fish?	text	10 mins	1 hour	0
cooking fish	2	Who was cooking the fish?	text	the fishermen	no one	0
cooking fish	3	When did they start cooking the fish?	text	they never cooked the fish	after cleaning it	1
cooking fish	4	How did they prepare the fish?	text	grilled	Steamed	0
cooking fish	5	Did they skin the fish first cook it in a manly fashion?	text	yes	no	0
cooking fish	6	Who caught the fish?	text	They bought the fish at the store.	the fishermen	1
cooking fish	7	Who ate the fish?	text	the fishermen	The narrator and their family.	0
paying bills	0	Where did they keep the bills?	text	on the computer	written in a notebook	1
paying bills	1	Who had to pay the bills?	text	The neighbor lady	John and Mary	1
paying bills	2	Can they use a computer to pay the bills?	text	No, they paid by writing checks	Yes, they use a computer.	1
paying bills	3	Are they paying their bills on time?	text	Yes, they were paid on time.	No, they were very late.	0
paying bills	4	Did they go to the bank to cash any money?	commonsense	No they did not go to the bank	Yes, they paid all bills in cash	0
paying bills	5	Were the bills paid late?	text	No, they were paid on time.	Yes, they were very late.	0
paying bills	6	Who pays the bills?	text	John and Mary	The accountant they hired	0
paying bills	7	How did they get the bills?	commonsense	they picked them up	by using services that cost money	1
preparing dinner	0	Why was dinner prepared?	commonsense	To eat	For fun.	0
preparing dinner	1	who is cooking dinner?	text	i (or "the narrator")	The brother.	0
preparing dinner	2	Was this dinner special?	commonsense	yes, a birthday dinner	no, just a dinner	1
preparing dinner	3	What did they have to drink with their meal?	text	water	juice	0
preparing dinner	4	Are they a good cook?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
preparing dinner	5	How was dinner prepared?	text	tuna grilled, potato boiled	tuna broiled, potato microwaved	1
preparing dinner	6	Where was dinner prepared?	commonsense	in a restaurant	Home	1
preparing dinner	7	What types of vegetables did they prepare for the dinner?	text	carrots	potatoes	1
preparing dinner	8	How many people was the food for?	commonsense	one	the family	0
preparing dinner	9	Do they eat at a certain time?	commonsense	no	yes	1
preparing dinner	11	What drinks are they going to serve with the food?	text	water	wine	0
preparing dinner	12	Why did they choose to make dinner?	commonsense	Bored.	Hungry.	1
cleaning the shower	0	Did they like to clean the shower?	text	No	Yes	0
cleaning the shower	1	Did they enjoy cleaning the shower?	text	Yes	No	1
cleaning the shower	2	Where are they cleaning the shower?	text	In the master bathroom	In the guest bathroom	1
cleaning the shower	3	Will they need to clean the shower again?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
cleaning the shower	4	Where was the shower?	text	In the guest bathroom.	Master bedroom	0
cleaning the shower	5	When did they start?	text	First thing in the morning	After they got back from the gym	1
washing clothes	0	Did they run into anyone on the way?	commonsense	no	yes	0
washing clothes	1	Did they get any help in washing the clothes?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Who ate at the fast food restaurant?	text	The narrator and his brother	The narrator and their son.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Who went to the restaurant?	text	The narrator and his friend	The narrator and their son.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Were they there for a meal or a snack?	text	A snack	A meal	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	Which fast food restaurant did they go to?	text	Taco Bell	Burger King.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	When did the food come out?	commonsense	quickly	When the waiter brought it out.	0
going dancing	0	What did they wear to go dancing?	text	disco clothes	Casual clothes	1
going dancing	1	What do they like to wear when dancing?	commonsense	Sequined dresses and heels.	The speaker likes to wear comfortable clothes	1
going dancing	2	What happened right after they arrived for the dancing?	text	The music started	got into a fight	0
going dancing	3	Why are they out dancing?	text	They wanted to have some fun	They had hot dates	0
going dancing	4	When did they arrive at the club?	text	At night	At lunch.	0
going dancing	5	When did they go out dancing?	text	In the morning	after dark	1
going dancing	6	What style of music do they like to dance to?	text	popular songs	Classical music	0
chopping vegetables	0	Are the vegetables apart of a recipe?	text	Yes	No	0
chopping vegetables	1	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	My mom did.	The author	1
chopping vegetables	2	Was it difficult to chop the vegetables?	commonsense	extremely	No, we could use a machine.	1
chopping vegetables	3	Were the vegetables all raw?	commonsense	Yes, vegetables are raw when chopped	No, they were cooked	0
chopping vegetables	4	What were they doing with the food?	text	They were cooking.	freezing it	0
chopping vegetables	5	What were the vegetables getting used for?	text	Used in a recipe	to freeze	0
feeding the fish	0	Why did the fish eat the fish food?	commonsense	To grow bigger.	presumably they were hungry	1
feeding the fish	1	Where did they feed the fish?	text	in the pond	In a Utah fish tank.	0
feeding the fish	2	How long before the first fish came?	commonsense	immediately	They waited an hour before coming to eat.	0
feeding the fish	3	Where are the fish located?	text	In a pond in Provo Canyon, Utah.	In a stream	0
feeding the fish	4	What did they use to feed the fish?	text	Worms.	They used their hands.	1
feeding the fish	5	How much food did they feed them?	text	One large handful.	A full bucket of food.	0
feeding the fish	6	What did they feed the fish with?	text	Fish food from a machine.	They used a net full of fish food	0
feeding the fish	7	How are the fish fed?	text	by spoon	throw handfuls of food to them	1
feeding the fish	8	Did the fish eat all the fish food?	commonsense	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
feeding the fish	9	What were they doing before feeding the fish?	text	They were swimming	They were hiking.	1
renting a movie	0	Did they go to a store to rent the movie?	text	no	yes	1
renting a movie	1	How was the movie rental paid for?	text	credit card	with cash	0
renting a movie	2	How did they pay for the movie?	text	credit card	with cash	0
renting a movie	3	Did it take a long time to pick out the movie?	commonsense	no, only a few minutes	yes, it took all afternoon	0
renting a movie	4	Where did they rent the movie from?	text	The Redbox booth	Netflix	0
renting a movie	5	What vendor did they rent the movie from?	text	Blockbuster	The Redbox booth	1
renting a movie	6	Why was the movie rented?	text	they wanted to test it	they did not want to buy it	1
renting a movie	7	How did they rent the movie?	text	with cash	using Redbox	1
renting a movie	8	who else will watch the movie	text	the author and roommates	their friends and family	0
making toasted bread	0	how do they toast bread?	text	broil it in the oven	toaster	0
making toasted bread	1	Was it in the morning?	text	No	Yes when they woke up	1
making toasted bread	2	Did they butter the bread?	text	No	Yes	1
making toasted bread	3	Why do people like toast?	commonsense	It tastes horrible	Tastes good	1
making toasted bread	4	what do they like to put on toasted bread?	text	Butter	Jam	0
making toasted bread	5	why do they toast bread?	commonsense	to make soft bread crispy	Never toast it	0
making toasted bread	6	How many pieces did they make?	text	made 4 thin slices	One	0
making toasted bread	7	Where were they toasting the bread?	text	In the oven	The toaster	0
making toasted bread	8	How many pieces of bread did they toast?	text	One	Four	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Where were they making it?	text	Store	kitchen	1
making fresh orange juice	1	How did the kitchen smell?	commonsense	like lemons	like oranges	1
making fresh orange juice	2	What did they do with the juice?	text	Threw it out	drank some and saved the rest for later	1
making fresh orange juice	3	What did they do with the peelings?	text	put them in the compost	Ate them	0
making fresh orange juice	4	Where did the oranges come from?	text	from a store	Their garden	0
making fresh orange juice	5	Where did they put the juice when they were done making it?	text	Counter	some they drank and the rest they put in the refrigerator	1
making fresh orange juice	6	Did they use a juicer?	text	no	yes	1
renovating a room	0	Why was the room being renovated?	text	It was too modern	Looked old and outdated	1
renovating a room	1	Did anyone help at all?	text	no	yes	1
renovating a room	2	How did they renovate the room?	text	they replaced the floors and the doors	They replaced the carpets and windows and repainted the walls.	1
renovating a room	3	Were they all dirty from working on the room?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
renovating a room	4	What type of flooring did the room have?	text	Carpeting.	wood floors	0
renovating a room	5	When did they decide to renovate?	text	After John moved in.	Before John moved in.	1
playing a movie	0	Where did they plan to go?	text	movie theater	nowhere	1
playing a movie	1	How many movies were watched?	text	four	only one	1
playing a movie	2	Where did they watch the movie?	text	narrator's home	at Billy's home	0
playing a movie	3	What did they play the movie on?	text	on a VCR	DVD player	1
playing a movie	4	Who watched the movie?	text	Billy and the story teller	just Billy	0
playing a movie	5	How did they get the movie to play?	text	they used a DVD player	movie theater	0
playing a movie	6	Had they seen the movie before?	text	No.	yes	1
playing a movie	7	Who was watching the movie?	text	narrator and Billy	just Billy	0
playing a movie	8	When did they start the movie?	commonsense	Morning time.	evening	1
playing a movie	9	Where did they play the movie?	text	narrator's home	friend's home	0
playing a movie	10	Why did they pick that movie?	text	they hate that movie!	it's their favorite movie	1
playing a movie	11	Who saw the movie?	text	narrator and Billy	just Billy	0
going on a train	0	Where did they travel to?	text	Boston	NYC	1
going on a train	1	Did they manage to get a seat on the train?	text	Yes they did.	No,they had to wait.	0
going on a train	2	How long did their train ride take?	commonsense	It took 10 hours.	Longer than expected.	1
going on a train	3	How long did they wait at the station?	commonsense	three hours	10 minutes	1
going on a train	4	How did they board the train?	text	first come, first serve	by boarding row	0
going on a train	5	Who boarded the train?	text	she and her friend	the mayor of Newark	0
going on a train	6	Where were they traveling to?	text	New Jersey.	NYC	1
putting up a painting	0	Why are they putting it up on the wall?	commonsense	To cover up a hole	so everyone can enjoy	1
putting up a painting	1	what is the painting of?	text	A ballerina dancing on stage	an elephant	0
putting up a painting	2	Do people like the painting?	commonsense	Yes they like the painting	No they find it hideous	0
putting up a painting	3	Where did they put up the painting?	text	in the livingroom	In the bedroom	0
putting up a painting	4	what room is the painting in?	text	The living room	the bathroom	0
putting up a painting	5	When did they get the painting?	text	Today	the day before	1
having a barbecue	0	Who is supplying the meats that will be grilled?	text	John and his dad.	The guests.	0
having a barbecue	1	Where was the barbecue?	text	At John and his dad's house.	In the kitchen.	0
having a barbecue	2	What kind of grill was being used at the BBQ?	text	A charcoal grill.	Gas grill.	1
having a barbecue	3	What did they do to start the grill?	text	John's dad use sticks to start a fire?	They turn on the gas grill.	1
having a barbecue	4	Who was the host of the barbecue?	text	John and his dad.	John and his brother	0
having a barbecue	5	where is the barbecue going to be at?	text	at John's friend's house	John's dad's house	1
having a barbecue	6	How did the food smell?	commonsense	They smell burnt.	great	1
having a barbecue	7	Why was everyone happy at the end of the barbecue?	commonsense	they celebrated a birthday	the food was good	1
having a barbecue	8	How did the hot dogs taste?	commonsense	terrible	Good	1
unloading the dishwasher	0	Where did they unload it?	commonsense	Kitchen/home	in the bathroom	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	How many people unloaded?	text	One.	Two.	1
unloading the dishwasher	2	Was there any water left on the dishes?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
unloading the dishwasher	3	Did any of the dishes still have food on them?	commonsense	no	yes	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	Where did they put the plates?	text	Cabinet.	on the table	0
unloading the dishwasher	5	How long did it take to unload the dishwasher?	commonsense	30 min	A few minutes	1
unloading the dishwasher	6	Were there still dirty dishes in the dishwasher?	commonsense	Yes	no	1
unloading the dishwasher	7	Where did they place the dishes after unloading them from the dishwasher?	text	the sink	cupboards, drawers, cabinets	1
unloading the dishwasher	8	How many racks did the dishwasher have?	text	Two.	Four	0
unloading the dishwasher	9	What happened after they unloaded the washer?	text	Nothing	they turned the sign to the dirty side	1
making tea	0	How long did they put the tea bags in the water?	text	They steep it for an hour.	They let it sit a few minutes.	1
making tea	1	Are they drinking the tea alone?	text	No, their husband is there.	Yes, they are alone.	1
making tea	2	How long did they steep the tea?	text	They let it sit a few minutes.	They steep it for an hour.	0
making tea	3	Who was there making tea?	text	the author	a group of friends	0
making tea	4	Who was it cooked for?	text	The narrator's wife	the author	1
making tea	5	where are they making tea?	text	kitchen	In a tea kettle.	0
making tea	6	Will the tea help them sleep?	commonsense	No	Yes, it will relax them	1
making tea	7	who is making the tea?	text	author	The waitress at the restaurant.	0
making tea	8	Why are they drinking tea?	text	Because they don't feel well.	It is a tea party.	0
changing bed sheets	0	Who changed the sheets?	commonsense	A friend	the author	1
changing bed sheets	1	Did the person changing the sheets do it quickly?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
changing bed sheets	2	Where did they put the used sheets?	text	On the floor	in the laundry bin	1
changing bed sheets	3	Did the new bed sheets look clean?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
changing bed sheets	4	how many people were involved?	commonsense	One.	Four.	0
changing bed sheets	5	Did they change the bed sheets by themselves or did they get help?	commonsense	With help	By themselves.	1
changing bed sheets	6	Where were the bed sheet located?	text	In the linen closet	On the bed/in laundry	1
changing bed sheets	7	Whose bed sheets needed changing?	commonsense	The hotel patron.	the author's	1
changing bed sheets	8	Did it take a long time to change them?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
changing bed sheets	9	Were the bed sheets just dirty?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
changing bed sheets	10	do they have elastics on the ends or not?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
washing dishes	0	Have they ever washed dishes before?	text	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	1	Was there a lot of dishes?	text	No, just silverware and glasses.	yes	1
washing dishes	2	were the dishes washed everyday?	text	Yes	No	0
washing dishes	3	Did they put all of the dishes away when they finished washing them?	text	No, they let them air dry.	Yes, they said they did.	1
washing dishes	4	Did they dry them properly?	text	No they put them into the cupboard while they were wet.	Yes, they said they used a towel to dry them all the way.	1
washing dishes	5	did more then one person help?	text	Yes, the husband helped.	No, the person is single.	1
washing dishes	6	was everything cleaned good?	commonsense	No, they just rinsed them.	We can assume yes because they scrub.	1
washing dishes	7	When did they wash dishes?	text	At night.	In the morning.	0
cleaning the table	0	When did they clean the table?	text	before dinner	After putting the plates in the dishwasher	1
cleaning the table	1	What did they use to wipe down the table?	text	Sponge	A dish towel	1
cleaning the table	2	is cleaning the table hard work?	commonsense	no	yes	1
cleaning the table	3	How many tables were cleaned?	commonsense	One	five	0
cleaning the table	4	Was hot water used to clean?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
cleaning the table	5	Where was this dirty table?	commonsense	In the dining room	In the basement	0
cleaning the table	6	How did they clean the table?	text	They rinsed dishes and put them in washing machine then they wiped down table.	with a broom	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	When do they need to return the book?	text	In two weeks	In two days	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	How many books did they look through?	commonsense	seventy	None	1
borrowing a book from the library	2	Is there a computer system at the library?	text	Yes	No	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	Did anybody else come with them?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	How many books did they choose?	text	One	Two	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	Who was at the counter when they checked the book out?	text	A security guard	The librarian	1
borrowing a book from the library	6	How did they find the book?	text	The librarian helped	randomly looked on shelves	0
borrowing a book from the library	7	Did they get any other books?	text	No	Yes	0
walking a dog	0	Why do they have a dog?	commonsense	The Author likes animals	It was the neighbors.	0
walking a dog	1	How was the weather?	commonsense	Good	Bad	0
walking a dog	2	How hot was it when they were walking the dog?	commonsense	too hot	not very hot as it was morning	1
walking a dog	4	Where did they go along the way?	text	Pass Mr. Johnson's house	just on the sidewalk	0
walking a dog	5	What did they walk by?	commonsense	A shop	Mr. Johnson's house with the flowers	1
walking a dog	6	What time of day are they walking the dog?	text	Evening	They like to walk their dog in the morning	1
walking a dog	7	Was there anything wrong with the dog?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
walking a dog	8	Did they meet up with anyone on the walk?	commonsense	No one.	Yes	0
folding clothes	0	Whose clothes are being folded?	text	the family's	Tim's clothes	0
folding clothes	1	Are the folded clothes divided into different piles?	text	yes, they divide them even before they fold so each  person gets their own clothes to fold	no	0
folding clothes	2	Did they fold them all or did they also hang some of them?	commonsense	hung them all	fold	1
folding clothes	3	When did they start folding clothes?	text	soon as the dryer was finished	Days after they had been in the dryer	0
folding clothes	4	Who put the clothes away neatly in the dresser drawers?	commonsense	the maid	presumably they all put their own clothes away since they sort them according to family member	1
folding clothes	5	Where did they fold the clothes?	text	the living room	the laundry room	0
folding clothes	6	In which room are they folding the clothes?	text	the living room	the laundry room	0
folding clothes	7	Was it their job to fold clothes?	text	Yes, the family has the job of folding the laundry together	no	0
calling 911	0	Was someone seriously hurt?	text	No.	yes they were	0
calling 911	1	Who was involved in the incident that led to calling 911?	text	The library staff	The story teller and two teenagers	1
calling 911	2	When did this happen?	text	at night	In the morning	0
calling 911	3	When did help arrive?	text	About 10 minutes after the 911 call was made.	2 minutes	0
calling 911	4	Who actually called for help?	text	Librarian	The person telling the story	1
calling 911	5	Was there an accident?	text	No.	Yes	0
calling 911	6	How long did they wait to call 911?	text	They called when the teenagers were looking through the windows	Until seeing the break-in.	1
fueling a car	0	Will they ever have to put fuel in the car again?	commonsense	No, the car is electric they will have to recharge it.	Yes, they will have to refuel.	1
fueling a car	1	How do they pay for the gas?	text	With their credit card.	With cash.	0
fueling a car	2	Did they pay at the pump?	text	Yes	No, they went into the station.	0
fueling a car	3	Who paid for the fuel?	text	Speaker	The gas station comped it	0
fueling a car	4	Who fueled the car?	text	friend	The Author	1
fueling a car	5	How did they pay for fuel?	text	With their card.	With cash.	0
fueling a car	6	How long did it take them to fuel the car?	text	It took a little bit of time.	It took exactly two minutes.	0
fueling a car	7	When did they open the gas cap?	text	After they paid	The gas cap was stuck.	0
packing a suitcase	0	Are they the only person packing a suitcase?	text	yes	No.	0
packing a suitcase	1	Who was packing the suitcase?	text	the narrator's friend	the speaker	1
packing a suitcase	2	Whose suitcase are they packing?	text	Their own	Their spouses suitcase	0
packing a suitcase	3	Is one suitcase enough?	text	No.	yes	1
packing a suitcase	4	What did they put in the suitcase?	text	Clothes for the beach.	clothes paperwork toiletries	1
taking a bath	0	When was the bath taken?	text	this morning	last night	1
taking a bath	1	How long were they in the bath?	text	45 minutes	less than 45 minutes	0
taking a bath	2	Why did they stay in for a long as they did?	text	to relax	headache	0
taking a bath	3	Was it a bath alone?	commonsense	Yes because the person grabbed a book for reading as well.	No they were together.	0
taking a bath	4	Did they wash their hair in the bath?	commonsense	yes	no	1
playing a movie	0	When did the movie start playing?	commonsense	After they turned on the TV.	After they used the remote.	1
playing a movie	1	How did they start the movie?	text	They pushed the play button on the remote	Pressed "skip" on the remote control	0
playing a movie	2	What time did they start the movie?	commonsense	Before the narrator pressed "play"	Sometime later in the evening	1
playing a movie	3	Who watched the movie?	text	The narrator and his or her friends	The narrator and their siblings.	0
playing a movie	4	Where did they watch the movie?	commonsense	In the movie theater.	Storytellers house	1
going on a date	0	How was this person dressed?	text	in pajamas	in their best outfit	1
going on a date	1	Where will they be going on their date?	text	A movie	their favorite restaurant	1
going on a date	2	Did they see a show or a movie on the date?	commonsense	no	yes	0
going on a date	3	Were other people there?	commonsense	no	yes, other people were in the restaurant	1
going on a date	4	Did they go to different places on their date?	text	no	yes	0
making a hot dog	0	How long did it take to make the hot dog?	text	A very long time.	Only a few minutes.	1
making a hot dog	1	Where are they making the hot dog?	commonsense	Kitchen	Bathroom	0
making a hot dog	2	When did they eat it?	text	Later in the afternoon.	after cooking	1
making a hot dog	3	Who cooked the hot dogs?	text	the author	Chef.	0
making a hot dog	4	Did they use any spices in preparing the hot dog?	text	No.	yes	0
making a hot dog	5	Were they in the kitchen when they prepared it?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making a hot dog	6	Are they cooking and preparing a hot dog?	text	No	Yes	1
making a hot dog	7	How many hot dogs did they eat together?	text	2	5	0
making a hot dog	8	Are they cooking in the kitchen?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
getting a haircut	0	Why did they get their hair cut?	text	hair was shaggy and long	he was joining the Navy	0
getting a haircut	1	Whose hair was cut?	text	The narrator.	his sister	0
getting a haircut	2	Did they show them a picture of how they wanted their hair?	text	Yes they did.	no	1
getting a haircut	3	When did they arrive?	text	Saturday	Sunday	0
getting a haircut	4	How many people are involved in this task?	text	ten	Two.	1
getting a haircut	5	Who cut the hair?	text	Bob	Bill.	1
getting a haircut	6	How did they like their haircut?	text	They did not really like it as it was a bit too short.	They liked it as it looked great.	1
getting a haircut	7	How did the haircut turn out?	text	It was bad.	It looked great.	1
getting a haircut	8	What type of hair cut did they get?	text	A new style.	The usual style.	1
chopping vegetables	0	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	The narrator.	it didn't say	0
chopping vegetables	1	What will we do with the vegetables after we chop them?	text	bake them	throw them away	0
chopping vegetables	3	Did they cook any of the vegetables?	text	Yes	No.	0
going to a shopping centre	0	Why did they go to the shopping center?	text	To go shopping	to play video games	0
going to a shopping centre	1	Who did they go with?	commonsense	Two friends	alone	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Where where they shopping?	text	at the grocery store	at the shopping mall	1
going to a shopping centre	3	Did they need a shopping cart?	commonsense	No, she purchased small items.	Yes, for heavy things.	0
going to a shopping centre	4	Which store did they go to?	text	Music store.	a department store	1
going to a shopping centre	5	What kind of things did they buy?	text	Dresses.	Sheets and towels	0
going on a train	0	What type of train was it?	text	Subway train.	A double decker Amtrak	1
going on a train	1	Why did they travel by train?	text	For adventure.	it was the mother's idea	0
going on a train	2	Who was going on the train?	text	The Author and their family.	Students in Author's class.	0
going on a train	3	Why were they traveling by train?	text	Vacation	because they were afraid of flying	0
fueling a car	0	How did they get the fuel pump to turn on?	text	closed the gas tank	By squeezing the handle of the pump	1
fueling a car	1	Who owns the car that being fueled?	commonsense	The protagonist	A friend who was driving the car	0
fueling a car	2	Where were they filling gas?	text	grocery store	At the gas station.	1
fueling a car	3	How do they pay for the gas?	text	By swiping their debit card.	With cash	0
fueling a car	4	Did they get out of the car before they put fuel in it?	commonsense	no	yes	1
fueling a car	5	How long did it take them to fuel the car?	commonsense	2 hours	few minutes	1
fueling a car	6	What did they do while the gas was filling?	text	Squeezing the nozzle so the gas would go in the car.	went inside the gas station	0
fueling a car	7	Who fueled the car?	text	The protagonist	A gas station attendant	0
fueling a car	8	How did they remove the gas cap from the car?	text	closed it	By unscrewing it	1
fueling a car	9	Who was driving the car?	text	owner	The narrator's friend	0
fueling a car	10	When did they fuel their car?	text	the other day	At a restaurant	0
ironing laundry	0	Did they know how to use the iron?	commonsense	No, they don't know how to use the iron.	Yes, they use the iron and their clothes are not wrinkled.	1
ironing laundry	1	Did the iron make a difference?	commonsense	No, clothes are still wrinkled.	yes, it took the wrinkles out of the clothing	1
ironing laundry	2	where is the ironing board?	text	in the back room in the basement	in the bedroom	0
ironing laundry	3	What did the iron on?	text	a drying board	a table	0
ironing laundry	4	What room did they iron the clothes in?	text	the back room in the basement	Kitchen	0
ironing laundry	5	What did they do with the clothes after they were ironed?	text	fold them	hung them up	1
ironing laundry	6	What did they do after they ironed?	text	They put everything onto a hanger and put it in their room	Put the clothes in the wash	0
ironing laundry	7	When did they turn off the iron?	commonsense	before ironing	When they were done	1
making soup	0	Why did they choose that soup recipe?	text	It was Friday	its their favorite	1
making soup	1	Where was the soup made?	text	in a can	in the kitchen	1
making soup	2	Did it have meat in it?	commonsense	No	yes beef	0
making soup	3	Was someone sick?	text	no	yes son	0
making soup	4	Did anyone help make the soup?	text	yes mother	no	1
making soup	5	Why were they making soup?	text	It was Friday	to warm them up and because they are hungry	1
making soup	6	How long did they simmer the ingredients in the soup?	text	2 hours	longer than 20 minutes	1
making scrambled eggs	0	Where did they make the eggs?	commonsense	friends house	kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	1	How did they season the eggs?	text	with orange juice	Cheddar cheese, bacon, salt, pepper, hot sauce.	1
making scrambled eggs	2	What time of day did they make the scrambled eggs?	text	in the morning	Dinner.	0
making scrambled eggs	3	when did they start preparing the meal?	text	at night	This morning.	1
making scrambled eggs	4	Were they making the scramble eggs just for themselves?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
making scrambled eggs	5	Where did they make the scrambled eggs?	text	In the microwave.	kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	6	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	Before the pan was hot.	After adding the butter.	1
making a bed	0	Did it take more than one person to make the bed?	text	no	yes	0
making a bed	1	Were the bedsheets the right size for the bed?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making a bed	2	How long did it take?	commonsense	Two days	Few minutes	1
making a bed	3	Where they alone in the room when they made the bed?	text	no, their cat was there	Yes	0
making a bed	4	How long did they spend making the bed?	commonsense	a few hours	A little while	1
making a bed	5	Why did they make the bed?	text	Because her mother asked to make the bed	They do it everyday	1
making a bed	6	Did they use pillowcases?	text	no	yes	1
making a bed	7	Why make the bed if they're just going to get into it again in a few hours?	commonsense	they never made the bed	To accomplish a task to start the day	1
making a bed	8	When did they make the bed?	text	Today	in the evening	0
ironing laundry	0	Why did they need to be careful?	text	To avoid burning the clothes.	to get all of the wrinkles out	0
ironing laundry	1	How many shirts got burn marks on them?	commonsense	None	Just one.	0
ironing laundry	2	How long did it take for the iron to heat up?	text	an hour	About a minute.	1
ironing laundry	3	Why did they iron?	text	To make their clothes look nice	Because it's fun	0
ironing laundry	4	Did they iron everything?	commonsense	Yes, every piece of laundry.	No	1
ironing laundry	5	Was the clothing wrinkled from coming out of the dryer?	commonsense	Yes	No, not at all.	0
ironing laundry	6	Why were they ironing?	text	To make the clothes look better.	They had nothing else to do.	0
ironing laundry	7	Did anyone help them iron?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
ironing laundry	8	Did they use an ironing board?	text	Yes	No	0
ironing laundry	9	How did the laundry look after being ironed?	commonsense	Good	Wrinkly	0
feeding an infant	0	How did they hold the infant while it was eating?	text	in the table	The baby was in a car seat while it fed	1
feeding an infant	1	What was the baby wearing?	text	bib	socks	0
feeding an infant	2	How can you tell when the infant has had enough to eat?	commonsense	when they want more	they will stop eating	1
feeding an infant	3	what is their relationship to the infant?	text	they are the parent	sibling	0
feeding an infant	4	Why did they feed the baby at that time?	commonsense	it was sleepy	it was hungry	1
taking a bath	0	Did they use soap in the bath?	text	yes	No	0
taking a bath	1	Did they do anything in the bath, such as read?	commonsense	No	Yes, they read	0
taking a bath	2	Was the bath water hot or cold?	text	Cold	mix	1
setting the dining table	0	Why did they set the table?	text	So they wouldn't have to do it next week.	Because they were going to eat dinner.	1
setting the dining table	1	How many forks are by each plate?	text	Two, a regular fork and a salad fork.	one	0
setting the dining table	2	How did the table look when they were done?	commonsense	Attractive	The table was very messy.	0
setting the dining table	3	Is there a center piece?	text	No, there was no centerpiece.	Yes, a bouquet of fresh flowers in a vase.	1
setting the dining table	4	Did more than one person set the dining table?	text	Yes, it was more than one person.	No, it was only one person.	0
setting the dining table	5	Where did they put the plates down?	text	They left the plates on the counter.	On the dining table.	1
visiting a doctor	0	How were they feeling when they arrived?	commonsense	fine	Sick	1
visiting a doctor	1	How did the nurse find out what they weighed?	commonsense	Using a scale	estimate	0
visiting a doctor	2	Were they scared?	commonsense	no, they were just not feeling well	Yes, they were terrified	0
visiting a doctor	3	Did the doctor have a nurse?	text	No, they did not see a nurse	Yes	1
visiting a doctor	4	Why did they have to wait?	commonsense	there were other patients	Because they were being rude	0
taking a taxi	0	How long did they wait for it?	text	2 hours	A couple of minutes	1
taking a taxi	1	Who did they ride in the taxi with?	commonsense	noone	The taxi driver and two other people.	0
taking a taxi	2	How long was the ride?	text	1 hour	less than 20 minutes	1
taking a taxi	3	How many passengers rode in the taxi?	commonsense	1	Two	0
taking a taxi	4	Who called for the taxi?	text	The author	The taxi driver	0
taking a taxi	5	How long was the taxi ride?	text	less than 20 minutes	2 hours	0
taking a photograph	0	Did they work alone or did they have help?	commonsense	With help	They organized the children alone.	1
taking a photograph	1	How long did it take them to get a good photograph?	commonsense	few minutes	A few hours	0
taking a photograph	2	Did they finish taking the photograph?	text	No, they didn't get the picture.	Yes, they finished taking the photograph.	1
taking a photograph	3	How long did they spend setting up the photo?	commonsense	one day	few minutes	1
taking a photograph	4	Was the photo taken of a landscape?	text	No, it was a group of people.	Yes, it was a mountain.	0
taking a photograph	5	When were they taking a photograph?	text	After the party	During the party	1
taking a photograph	6	Who did they take a photograph of?	text	Their family members	Beth and their friends	1
going grocery shopping	0	What did they do when they had their groceries?	text	went for a drive	went to go pay	1
going grocery shopping	1	Did they need a cart to get their items to the car?	commonsense	yes they did	no they carried them	0
going grocery shopping	2	What did they buy at the store?	text	pizza	food for their son's party the following week	1
going grocery shopping	3	When did they go to the store?	text	the next day	Sunday	1
packing a suitcase	0	Did they fold the clothes before packing them?	text	No they rolled them.	yes, he did fold them in	0
packing a suitcase	1	Why are they packing the suitcase?	text	They were going on vacation.	They were going on a business trip.	0
packing a suitcase	2	Why were they packing?	text	to move his wife out	They were going on vacation.	1
packing a suitcase	3	Whose suitcase are they packing?	text	The storyteller's son's suitcase.	Their own	1
packing a suitcase	4	Were they moving or taking a vacation?	text	they were moving	They were going on vacation.	1
packing a suitcase	5	Why did they pack a swimsuit?	commonsense	To be able to go swimming	To enter a contest	0
packing a suitcase	6	Who packed the suitcase?	commonsense	Person who went on a vacation to Thailand	a mouse	0
chopping vegetables	0	Where did they get the vegetables?	commonsense	the garden	Grocery store or Farmer's Market	1
chopping vegetables	1	What were they cut on?	text	cutting board	table	0
chopping vegetables	2	Were they going to be cooked?	commonsense	yes	no	1
chopping vegetables	4	What vegetables did they use?	text	lettuce, cabbage, carrots,tomato	Spinach and turnips	0
chopping vegetables	5	Were the vegetables all raw?	commonsense	yes	no	0
chopping vegetables	6	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	neighbor	Speaker	1
chopping vegetables	7	How long did it take them to chop the veggies?	commonsense	several hours	a few minutes	1
chopping vegetables	8	What did they do with the chopped vegetables?	text	put on floor	added them to a salad	1
chopping vegetables	9	What room in the house were they in?	commonsense	Living room	kitchen	1
chopping vegetables	10	Are there any tomatoes?	text	yes	none	0
fueling a car	0	How did they remove the gas cap from the car?	text	With a tool.	popped it open from inside then twisted the cap off by hand	1
fueling a car	1	Why did they put fuel in the car?	commonsense	because cars need gas to run	Because it was free.	0
fueling a car	2	Why did they need gas?	commonsense	cars won't work without gas	they didn't need fuel	0
fueling a car	3	Did they pay with cash or a card?	text	credit card	They paid with cash.	0
fueling a car	4	How long did it take to pump the gas?	commonsense	one hour	Just a few minutes.	1
fueling a car	5	Who was filling the gas?	text	the author	no one	0
taking the underground	0	Whom were they with?	text	They were with a coworker.	Themselves	1
taking the underground	1	Were they able to get a seat on the train?	text	not going to work, but yes going home	Yes, someone gave Jane her seat.	0
going grocery shopping	0	How long did it take to get to the store?	text	It was a short drive	A very long time	0
going grocery shopping	1	Where did they find the shopping carts?	commonsense	In front of the store	in the back of the store	0
going grocery shopping	2	What were some of the items they bought?	text	Produce, canned goods, meat	dog food	0
going grocery shopping	3	What happened after they paid for their groceries?	commonsense	they left the grocery store	They continued shopping	0
going grocery shopping	4	When did they go grocery shopping?	text	Friday	Saturday	1
going grocery shopping	5	Where did they go grocery shopping?	text	at the mall	At a nearby store	1
going grocery shopping	6	Did they use a shopping cart?	text	yes	no	0
going grocery shopping	7	When did they pay?	text	before shopping	when they were done grocery shopping	1
making a flight reservation	0	Where were they going?	text	Oregon	on a trip to Punta Cana	1
making a flight reservation	1	Are they going to visit family?	commonsense	no vacation	yes, for a family reunion	0
making a flight reservation	2	who booked the flight?	text	the friend	the speaker	1
making a flight reservation	3	Where are they flying to?	text	Punta Cana	Australia	0
making a flight reservation	4	How many people went?	text	One	Two	1
making a flight reservation	5	How did they get there?	text	fly	taxi	0
making a flight reservation	6	Who was the reservation for?	commonsense	The person booking the flight.	The friend.	0
going to a shopping centre	0	How many stores did they visit?	text	two	One	1
going to a shopping centre	1	What did they buy?	text	A pair of shoes.	a football jersey	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Where did they go shopping?	text	Grocery store	the shopping center	1
going to a shopping centre	3	At which store did they spend the most in the shopping centre?	text	At the Sporting Goods Store.	Toy store	0
going to a shopping centre	4	How did they get there?	text	Used the bus	They drove	1
going to a shopping centre	5	For what occasion were they shopping for?	text	christmas	Their friend's birthday	1
going to a shopping centre	6	Why did they buy the clothing?	text	For themselves	as a birthday gift	1
going to a shopping centre	7	Were they shopping for school supplies?	text	yes	no	1
cleaning the table	0	Why did they decide to clean the table at the time they did?	text	Their mom assigned them the chore	They felt like it	0
cleaning the table	1	Did they clean the table before or after they ate?	text	Afterwards.	before they ate	0
cleaning the table	2	Why did the table need to be cleaned?	text	They just finished eating dinner.	It was dusty	0
cleaning the table	3	Where did they put all of the stuff that was on the table?	text	Into the dishwasher	In the sink	1
cleaning the table	4	Where was the table?	text	In the kitchen	dining room	0
cleaning the table	5	Who ate at the table?	commonsense	The family.	One person.	0
cleaning the table	6	How did the table get dirty?	commonsense	Spilled food during dinner	Dirty from doing arts and crafts on it	0
cleaning the table	7	What did they put on the table after cleaning it?	text	A table cover.	Vase with wild flowers	1
taking a bath	0	How were they feeling during their bath?	text	Relaxed	Stressed out	0
taking a bath	1	Did they do anything else while they were in the bath?	text	Listened to music	Study history	0
taking a bath	2	Why did they stay in for a long as they did?	text	because they fell asleep	They like to take that time to reflect and relax	1
taking a bath	3	Was the bath for cleaning up or just pleasure and relaxation?	text	Just for pleasure and relaxation	For both cleaning and relaxation	1
taking a bath	4	How did the water feel?	text	warm and relaxing	ice cold	0
making fresh orange juice	0	How did they get the juice from the oranges?	text	They used a manual juicer	the squeeze it out by hand	0
making fresh orange juice	1	Where were they making orange juice?	text	At their house.	In a cafe.	0
making fresh orange juice	2	Where did they store the juice after it was made?	text	Freezer.	Refrigerator	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Where was the juice made?	text	At work	In their kitchen.	1
making fresh orange juice	4	What tools were involved in the process?	text	Hand/manual juicer	no tools	0
making fresh orange juice	5	How many oranges did they use to make the juice?	text	About 12	18	0
washing clothes	0	Why did they add soap?	text	you can't wash clothes without soap	for the heck of it	0
washing clothes	1	How did they wash the clothes?	text	Scrubbed in sink.	Put them in the washer and then dryer	1
washing clothes	2	Where did they wash the clothes?	text	Laundromat.	home	0
washing clothes	3	How will the clothes be washed?	text	In the washer and dryer	in the sink	0
washing clothes	4	Were the clothes dirty?	text	no	yes	1
washing clothes	5	Did they dry the clothes right after washing them?	text	yes	No.	0
washing clothes	6	Why did they use extra detergent?	commonsense	Big load.	Added scent.	0
washing clothes	7	What kind of detergent did they use?	text	Detergent pods.	What was there	0
washing clothes	8	Who was washing clothes?	text	the speaker	Their mom	0
washing clothes	9	How dirty were the clothes?	commonsense	not dirty at all	the usual not better or worse or they'd have said	1
washing clothes	10	Why did the clothes need to be washed?	commonsense	They were dirty	To shrink them.	0
washing clothes	11	How long will it take them to dry?	text	30 minutes.	2 hours.	0
renting a movie	0	Did they return the movie on time?	text	Yes	No	0
renting a movie	1	how long did they keep the movie	text	1 day	12 days	0
renting a movie	2	Did it take a long time to rent the movie?	commonsense	Yes an hour	No	1
renting a movie	3	Did the movie make them happy?	text	Yes	No they cried	0
renting a movie	4	how many movies did they rent	text	Two	1	1
renting a movie	5	who rented the movie?	text	His friends rented it	The main character	1
renting a movie	6	Is the movie store close to their house?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
renting a movie	7	How did they choose which movie to rent?	text	They chose the newest movie	Which one they and their friends would like	1
renting a movie	8	did they find a good movie	commonsense	No	Yes	1
renting a movie	9	When did they rent a movie?	text	Over the weekend	Wednesday	0
renting a movie	10	Does the movie store have a drop box to return movies?	text	No	Yes	1
chopping vegetables	0	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	The narrator	friend did	0
chopping vegetables	1	When did they pull out the cutting board?	commonsense	When they heard the burglar sneak into the house	in the beginning	1
chopping vegetables	2	Who was chopping vegetables?	text	The narrator	A friend	0
chopping vegetables	3	How did they get the vegetables?	text	The narrator bought them in the grocery store.	The narrator picked them from the garden.	1
chopping vegetables	4	Were any vegetables hard to chop?	text	No	lettuce	0
chopping vegetables	5	What did they chop the vegetables on?	commonsense	a cutting board	sink	0
chopping vegetables	6	Were they happy how they chopped the vegetables?	commonsense	Yes	No because they cut their finger so bad it bled for a half-hour	0
chopping vegetables	7	Were the vegetables getting cut?	text	Yes, they were being cut.	No, they were not cut.	0
chopping vegetables	8	When did they start to chop?	text	before they were washed	after they were washed	1
chopping vegetables	9	What meal did they chop the vegetables for?	text	lunch	breakfast	0
chopping vegetables	10	What were they doing with the food?	text	The narrator was making lunch.	putting it in the refrigerator	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Were there a lot of dishes?	commonsense	no	yes	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	Where did they put the clean dishes?	text	In the fridge	in the cabinet	1
unloading the dishwasher	2	How did they unloaded the dishwasher?	text	with hands	They didn't unload it	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	his mom	they did	1
unloading the dishwasher	4	What did they take out first from the dishwasher?	text	Cups and bowls	plates	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	where they sitting inside or outside?	commonsense	outside	Presumably inside.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	What type of food did they order?	text	French	Italian food.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	Who cooked the food?	text	Their mom made the food.	The chef cooked their food.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	What was wrong with the order?	text	it had a fly in it	It had an ingredient they were allergic to.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	Why did they go to that restaurant?	text	because they had a coupon for it	They wanted to treat themselves.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	How did the waiter deal with the situation?	text	Got chef to cook correct order.	yelled at the customer	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	Was the waiter friendly?	commonsense	yes	No he was super rude.	0
going to the sauna	0	Where did they sit down?	text	on the floor	on the benches	1
going to the sauna	1	What were the people wearing?	text	A towel around their body.	Gym clothes	0
going to the sauna	2	Will they go back to the sauna?	text	He will not go back.	yes	1
going to the sauna	3	What are the seats made of?	text	metal benches	Wood.	1
going to the sauna	4	Where was the sauna?	text	at the gym	At home	0
flying in a plane	0	Where was the pilot going?	text	New York	Keflavik Iceland	1
flying in a plane	1	What is their destination?	text	Oregon	Keflavik, Iceland	1
flying in a plane	2	Why do people need to check in	commonsense	to bring their luggage	to take pictures	0
flying in a plane	3	What happened while on the plane?	text	they watched a movie	She fell asleep	0
flying in a plane	4	Did they fly alone?	text	no, with their husband	yes	0
making fresh orange juice	0	How did they store it?	text	In the freezer.	in the cupboard	0
making fresh orange juice	1	How did they juice the oranges?	text	oranges were peeled and put in a blender	in a juicer	0
making fresh orange juice	2	Who was making it?	text	Seller of oranges.	the author	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Were they preparing other food to go with the juice?	commonsense	no	yes	0
making fresh orange juice	4	What did they do with the juice?	text	Used it in a recipe	they froze anything that they would not use	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Did anyone help them?	text	no, they did it themselves	yes, their friend helped	0
making fresh orange juice	6	Where were they?	text	In the kitchen	at the store	0
making fresh orange juice	7	Was it a long process?	commonsense	Not really.	yes	0
repairing a bicycle	0	Were they able to make all of the repairs at once?	text	Yes	No	0
repairing a bicycle	1	Was the bike damaged, or was it just regular maintenance that was needed?	commonsense	Regular maintenance	The bike was damaged	0
repairing a bicycle	2	How is the bicycle being repaired?	text	chain replaced	he used a pump to add air to the tires	1
repairing a bicycle	3	Are their tires filled good with air?	text	No	Yes	1
going dancing	0	Who did they go with?	text	Their friends.	Family.	0
going dancing	1	How did they get to the club?	text	They walked.	taxi	1
going dancing	2	Why did they decide to go dancing?	text	Because their friend got a promotion.	Because their friends got married.	0
going dancing	3	Where did they go dancing?	text	at the wedding ceremony	at a local club	1
going dancing	4	Did they have fun dancing?	text	No, they were very sad while dancing.	Yes, they had a lot of fun dancing.	1
going dancing	5	Did they dance in a group or in couples?	commonsense	They danced as a group.	alone in the corner	0
throwing a party	0	Was the party for a celebration?	text	Yes, two birthdays.	No, it was just a get together.	0
throwing a party	1	Was the party lively?	commonsense	Yes, the police were called because the dancers were singing too loud.	yes, but not overly so	1
boiling milk	0	Do they need to stir the milk while it is boiling?	text	Yes	No, but they did anyway	1
boiling milk	1	How long did it take to boil the milk?	commonsense	A few hours	A few minutes	1
boiling milk	2	What did they do with the milk after it was boiled?	text	pour in a mug	Poured the cocoa in	0
boiling milk	3	Why did they want the milk boiled?	text	to make tea	To make Hot Chocolate	1
boiling milk	4	How did they boil the milk?	text	In a saucepan on the stove	in the microwave	0
boiling milk	5	What container was used for boiling?	text	A shiny saucepan	a cup	0
boiling milk	6	Why did milk need to be boiled?	text	to make tea	To make Hot Chocolate	1
boiling milk	7	Why did they boil milk?	text	To make Hot Chocolate	To make a cake	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	How did they find the book?	text	They got recommendations than read summaries.	looked on the floor	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	When do they need to return the book?	commonsense	When they have read half of it	When it is due	1
borrowing a book from the library	2	Was anyone with them?	text	yes	no	1
borrowing a book from the library	3	Why did they go to the library?	text	lots of interesting books on the nook	They wanted to borrow a book to read	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Did they get any other books?	text	No	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	How many books did they borrow?	text	seven	One	1
borrowing a book from the library	6	Is it a public library?	text	No	Yes	1
borrowing a book from the library	7	Who did they ask for help?	text	Nobody	The librarians and other customers	1
borrowing a book from the library	8	Did they borrow more than one book?	text	no	yes	0
making tea	0	How long did they boil the water?	commonsense	5 minutes	It took an hour to start boiling.	0
making tea	1	What type of tea are they making?	text	green tea	They were making iced tea.	1
making tea	2	Why were they drinking tea instead of something else?	commonsense	they hate tea	they like tea	1
making tea	3	How was the tea prepared?	text	with tea bags steeped in hot water	in ice	0
cooking fish	0	Why did they use the oven?	text	To cook the fish	To heat the dressing	0
cooking fish	1	Was the fish tasty?	commonsense	no	yes	1
cooking fish	2	Why did they marinate the fish?	commonsense	to make it taste better.	For fun	0
cooking fish	3	What else did they cook?	text	A hamburger	nothing	1
cooking fish	4	How did they cook the fish?	text	baked it	They broiled it in the oven.	1
making a dinner reservation	0	why did they choose the restaurant?	text	it was the only restaurant	it's their favorite restaurant	1
making a dinner reservation	1	Does it look like the dinner will be at a very expensive place?	commonsense	Yes	No, buffets are usually inexpensive	1
having a barbecue	0	Who was cooking the food?	text	the mom	Author's father	1
having a barbecue	1	How did the hot dogs taste?	commonsense	Good	Bad	0
having a barbecue	2	Where was the barbecue?	text	at the park	at the author's house	1
having a barbecue	3	Who planned the barbecue	text	the mom	the author's dad	1
going to the theater	0	Did they eat candy?	text	No, they didn't buy any candy.	Yes, they got candy.	0
going to the theater	1	Were there any previews of films that they wanted to see later?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
going to the theater	2	Where did they sit for the movie?	text	They sat up front.	They sat in the middle seats.	1
going to the theater	3	How did they pick the movie?	text	by picking when they got to the theater	by going online	1
feeding the fish	0	How long did they feed the fish?	text	Hours	Ten minutes.	1
feeding the fish	1	Who fed the fish?	text	The person telling the story and their sister	the boy's father	0
feeding the fish	2	Why did they feed the fish?	commonsense	Didn't feed fish	because they were hungry	1
feeding the fish	3	How did they feed the fish?	text	by sprinkling fish food on top of the water	They threw bread off a boat	1
feeding the fish	4	How many people helped feed the fish?	text	Three	one	1
feeding the fish	5	What did they eat?	text	Bread.	Fish food flakes.	0
feeding the fish	6	How many fish were there?	commonsense	Many fish	two	0
feeding the fish	7	What sort of food do the fish eat?	text	shrimp	Bread	1
feeding the fish	8	How long did the fish eat?	text	for 10 minutes	About thirty minutes.	0
taking a shower	0	Did they use conditioner?	text	yes	No.	0
taking a shower	1	Were they in a hurry?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a shower	2	Did they wash their hair with shampoo?	text	yes	no	0
taking a shower	3	What did they use to apply the soap to their body?	text	a loofah	wash cloth	0
taking a shower	4	What did they use to wash their hair?	text	shampoo and conditioner	Tea tree soap.	0
taking a shower	5	Were they getting ready for work?	text	no	yes	1
taking a shower	6	Did they shower alone?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making a flight reservation	0	How did they pay for the flight?	text	They used a credit card.	They paid in cash.	0
making a flight reservation	2	How did they make the reservation?	text	online	at airport	0
making a flight reservation	3	Where were they when they made the reservation?	commonsense	at the library	online	1
making a flight reservation	4	Was there any problems making the reservation?	text	Yes, the website wouldn't load.	none	1
making a flight reservation	5	How did they get there?	text	They carpooled.	flew	1
making a flight reservation	6	who booked the flight?	text	The person telling the story.	friend	0
making a flight reservation	7	Why did they need to make a reservation?	text	So they could have seats on the plane.	They didn't have a car.	0
making a flight reservation	8	Who made the reservations?	text	The friends	The person telling the story.	1
boiling milk	0	What kind of heat was used to boil the milk?	commonsense	heat from the sun	heat from the burner	1
boiling milk	1	What was the boiled milk for?	text	It was used to make hot chocolate.	For the cat	0
boiling milk	2	What else did they add to the boiled milk?	text	brown sugar	They also used cocoa and sugar.	1
boiling milk	3	Were they making hot chocolate or something else?	text	Chocolate Pie	Yes, they were making hot chocolate.	1
boiling milk	4	Do they need to stir the milk while it is boiling?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
boiling milk	5	Will they wear goggles while boiling the milk?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
boiling milk	6	Do they put anything else in the pot besides the milk?	text	Nothing was in the pan	They added cocoa and sugar to it.	1
boiling milk	7	How long did it take to boil the milk?	commonsense	A few minutes.	One hour	0
boiling milk	8	Were there any other ingredients?	text	yes, cocoa and sugar	no there were no other ingredients	0
going to a funeral	0	How did they get to the funeral?	text	They drove themselves	They took the bus.	0
going to a funeral	1	Where was this person going?	text	To a funeral	To a wedding	0
going to a funeral	2	Why did people talk at the funeral?	commonsense	To tell stories about the deceased	To distract themselves from the pain of losing the person that died	0
going to a funeral	3	When did they go?	text	Saturday.	Friday	0
going to a funeral	4	What food was served afterwards?	text	Unspecified snacks	Pizzas	0
making soup	0	Was the soup a microwave soup?	text	No, it was heated on the stove.	Yes, they heated it in the microwave.	0
making soup	1	What kind of soup is it?	text	It was beef vegetable soup.	It was tomato soup.	1
making soup	2	Did they add salt to the soup?	text	No, they don't add anything.	Yes, they add salt.	1
making soup	3	What was one of the main ingredients in the soup?	text	onions	Tomato	1
making soup	4	How long did the soup have to cook?	commonsense	an hour	until it boiled	1
making soup	5	What kind of flavor did the soup have?	text	It was tomato soup.	It was beef vegetable soup.	0
making soup	6	Where did they make the soup?	text	stovetop	At the restaurant.	0
feeding the fish	0	When did the fish get fed?	text	every morning and evening	Every other day	0
feeding the fish	1	Where was the fish tank?	text	in the bathroom	In the living room next to the TV	1
feeding the fish	2	When did they feed the fish?	text	In the morning and for lunch	every morning and evening	1
feeding the fish	3	Were the fish in a man made lake?	text	No, they were in an aquarium.	Yes, the lake was on their property.	0
feeding the fish	4	Do they feed them all the time?	commonsense	Three times a day	They are fed twice a day.	1
feeding the fish	5	how many kinds of food do they eat?	text	one	Three kinds.	1
feeding the fish	6	What sort of food do the fish eat?	text	Three kinds, one for digestion, one for nutrition and one for the immune system	regular food	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	What else can you find in a library?	commonsense	Magazines	food	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	did it take long to check out the book?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	How many books did they get?	text	One book.	Two books.	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	How long did it take them to find the book they borrowed?	text	Not long	it took a long time	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	Who borrowed a book?	text	brother	sister	1
borrowing a book from the library	5	How many books did they borrow?	text	one	four	0
going grocery shopping	0	What was on their list when they went grocery shopping?	text	Bread, cheese, and milk	Milk, eggs and oranges.	0
going grocery shopping	1	What did they buy?	text	Bread, chips, and cookies.	Bread, cheese,and milk	1
going grocery shopping	2	Where did they go grocery shopping?	text	A convenience store	The grocery store	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	Why did they complain about the food?	text	It was raw	The steak was overcooked, dry and bland	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	What restaurant was it at?	text	a new steakhouse downtown	Ruths Chris	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	Why did they choose that food?	text	They were bored with fried chicken	They wanted to try the restaurant's steaks as it had good reviews	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	How did they ask the waiter to help?	text	change it to chicken	They told him they didn't like the fried chicken	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	What kind of food was it?	text	fish	steak	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	When did they get their food?	text	2 hours	40 minutes after they ordered	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	How many people were there?	text	50	Four other diners	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	7	How did the waiter deal with the situation?	text	He said he would go and warm the food up	offered to replace	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	8	What food did they order?	text	Steak first, then fried chicken	Fish first, then steak	0
making omelette	0	What vegetables were put in the omelette?	text	None	Onions	0
making omelette	1	Why did they put butter in the pan first?	commonsense	So the omelette did not stick to the pan	For coloring	0
making omelette	2	Did they eat anything else besides the omelette?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making omelette	3	What color was the omelette?	commonsense	Brown	Yellow	1
making omelette	4	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	They cracked them in the pan	when it was hot	1
making omelette	5	Who made the omelette?	text	The maid	The narrator	1
making omelette	6	Was the omelette sweet?	commonsense	Yes they added a lot of sugar	No	1
making omelette	7	Why was butter used?	text	To fry the omelette	For a buttery taste	0
making omelette	8	Did they put seasonings onto the omelette?	text	Oregano	Yes	1
making omelette	9	Why did they flip the eggs?	commonsense	To cook the other side	They didn't flip them	0
mowing the lawn	0	Who mowed the lawn?	text	his mom	the narrator	1
mowing the lawn	1	Does the grass have to be mowed?	text	no	yes	1
mowing the lawn	2	When will they cut again	commonsense	when it is Saturday	when the lawn gets long	1
mowing the lawn	3	Why did they mow the grass?	text	it was too long	it was dirty	0
mowing the lawn	4	Did they use any special tools?	text	no	Yes	1
mowing the lawn	5	Which lawn did they mow?	text	Their own lawn.	just the front	0
mowing the lawn	6	Did they get it all finished?	text	no	yes	1
mowing the lawn	7	What did the lawn mower need to run?	text	oil	gas	1
mowing the lawn	8	What time of the day did they mow the lawn?	commonsense	Daytime	Nighttime	0
mowing the lawn	9	What did they use to mow the lawn?	text	A leaf blower	A lawn mower	1
baking a cake	0	Was the cake good?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	1	How is the cake made?	text	in a machine	baked at home	1
baking a cake	2	Was the cake homemade from scratch, or was it a box mix?	text	from scratch	from a box	0
baking a cake	3	Did they consider charging for the cake?	text	yes	no	1
baking a cake	4	Did everyone enjoy the cake?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	5	Who is the cake for?	text	narrator's mother	writer's father	0
baking a cake	6	Was the cake decorated?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	7	Did they enjoy the cake?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	8	How long does it need to cook in the oven?	text	55 minutes	40 minutes	1
baking a cake	9	Where do they start the process?	text	find recipe	at the grocery store	0
renovating a room	0	How did they begin?	text	They sent screws to the house	they made a plan for the room	1
renovating a room	1	How long did it take them to renovate the room?	text	It took one week.	a day	0
renovating a room	2	Why were they happy at the end of the renovation?	commonsense	They got a discount	Because their room was finished/	1
renovating a room	3	Did they like the renovations?	text	No, they were very unhappy.	Yes, they liked the renovations.	1
renovating a room	4	Did they have help?	text	Yes, they hired a service.	No, they did it themselves.	0
renovating a room	5	Did they consider hiring someone for the renovation?	text	No, they did it themselves.	Yes,they did hire someone.	1
renovating a room	6	Who renovated the room?	text	The contractor	the narrator	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	When do they start cooking?	text	after chopping vegetables	Before they went to work	0
heating food on kitchen gas	1	when did they turn the stove on?	text	As soon as the person got home.	After getting the saute pan.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Were they at home or somewhere else?	text	They were at home.	Somewhere else	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Does gas stink?	commonsense	No, gas smells like flowers.	Sometimes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Did the food smell good while heating?	commonsense	Yes, the food smelled very good.	No, it smelled like old sock	0
heating food on kitchen gas	5	Was the food for dinner?	text	No, it was for lunch the next day.	Yes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	7	were they in a kitchen?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
attending a wedding ceremony	0	What was the bridge wearing?	text	swimsuit	dress	1
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Who's wedding was it?	text	Their niece.	Their nephew	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	How fun was the ceremony?	commonsense	not at all	very fun	1
attending a wedding ceremony	3	Where was the wedding ceremony?	text	At the park	The Chapel.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Did people dance at the wedding?	text	no	yes	1
attending a wedding ceremony	5	Who got married?	text	Their nephew	Their niece.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	6	When did they cut the cake?	commonsense	after the wedding	As soon as all the guests arrived	0
preparing a picnic	0	who is making the food?	text	their friend	The narrator	0
preparing a picnic	1	where is the picnic?	text	In a state park.	Beach	0
preparing a picnic	2	What was the weather like?	text	It was cool and cloudy.	nice, warm and sunny	1
preparing a picnic	3	Did they pack drinks?	text	No, they were going to drink at water fountains.	Yes, bottled water.	1
preparing a picnic	4	Were they going to meet anyone once they got there?	commonsense	Yes, they were meeting up with more friends.	No, they went together in the same car.	1
preparing a picnic	5	Where will they keep the food?	text	In a cooler	in the trunk of the car	0
preparing a picnic	6	What type of food will they eat?	text	Hot dogs, hamburgers and salad.	Sandwiches, potato salad, and fruit	1
preparing a picnic	7	Who will cook the food?	commonsense	No one	they will	0
preparing a picnic	8	Were they going to cook hot dogs at the picnic?	commonsense	No, they packed sandwiches.	Yes, and hamburgers.	0
feeding an infant	0	How can you tell when the infant has had enough to eat?	text	After he eats a certain number of ounces	He starts crying	0
feeding an infant	1	What did they use to heat up the milk?	text	microwave	hot tap water	0
feeding an infant	2	who feeds the infant?	text	baby's aunt or uncle	dad	0
feeding an infant	3	what does the infant do after being fed?	text	burps	goes back to sleep	0
feeding an infant	4	Who is feeding the baby?	text	The baby's mom	The narrator	1
feeding an infant	5	Will the baby stop crying?	text	no	yes	1
feeding an infant	6	What did the infant sit on while eating?	text	in bed	The narrator's lap	1
cleaning the floor	0	Who cleaned the floor?	text	The storyteller.	Roommate did	0
cleaning the floor	1	Why did they need to clean the floor?	text	something spilled	routine	1
cleaning the floor	2	Was it really dirty or just not as clean as it should be?	commonsense	It was time for weekly cleaning	really dirty	0
cleaning the floor	3	Why did they start by sweeping?	text	To remove the dust before washing	to spread dirt around	0
cleaning the floor	4	what kind of floor is it?	text	Mostly hardwood with one room carpeted	Tile	0
cleaning the floor	5	What was the floor made of?	text	mostly hardwood	Tile	0
cleaning the floor	6	What room did they clean?	text	The living room only	entire house	1
visiting relatives	0	Why were they happy to see them?	commonsense	they love each other	They were taking them on a birthday outing.	0
visiting relatives	1	Why were they visiting?	text	for church	They were visiting for a birthday.	1
visiting relatives	2	Who are they visiting?	text	Their relatives.	Their friends.	0
visiting relatives	3	Do the want to visit again someday?	commonsense	yes	no	0
visiting relatives	4	Where did they go visit them?	text	relatives' home	They met up at a restaurant.	0
visiting relatives	5	Did they have a good time with the relatives?	text	No, it was terrible.	Yes, they had a great time.	1
making coffee	0	When did they get up to make the coffee?	commonsense	In the morning.	After lunch.	0
making coffee	1	How long did it take to cook?	commonsense	About 5 minutes.	The coffee brewed after about 40 minutes	0
making coffee	2	do they like it hot or cold?	text	They like their coffee hot	They like it cold.	0
making coffee	3	What did they add to their cup of coffee?	text	Sugar and cream	Honey and milk	0
making coffee	4	How much sugar did they put in the coffee?	text	Amount she liked.	Way to much.	0
making coffee	5	Was the coffee an espresso?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making coffee	6	why do they drink coffee?	commonsense	Alertness	they hate it	0
making coffee	7	Who prepared the coffee?	text	speaker	Husband	0
making coffee	8	What type of container did they pour the coffee into?	text	A cup	Mug	1
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Who's wedding was it?	text	her dad's	The author's sister	1
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Who was the ceremony for?	text	her sister	her friend	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Who got married?	text	her friend	Her sister	1
attending a wedding ceremony	3	Why did they go to the ceremony?	text	They were being paid to go there	They wanted to attend their sister's wedding	1
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Who was the bridesmaid?	text	there wasn't a maid of honor	The author	1
attending a wedding ceremony	5	Why was the ceremony happening?	text	It was their sister's wedding	There was no ceremony	0
renting a movie	0	Did they buy any snacks when they rented the movie?	commonsense	yes	No.	1
renting a movie	1	where did they rent it from?	text	Movie rental store.	Netflix	0
renting a movie	2	How did they decide which movie to pick?	text	They wanted something to cheer them up	Guy on cover looked sad	0
renting a movie	3	What kind of movie did they rent?	text	Drama	Comedy.	1
renting a movie	4	How was the rented movie viewed?	commonsense	on the ground	on a TV	1
renting a movie	5	what genre is the movie?	text	Comedy.	Drama	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Did they start putting dirty dishes in once it was empty?	text	yes	No.	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	How many people were unloading the dishwasher?	text	Two.	One.	1
unloading the dishwasher	2	What types of dishes were in the dishwasher?	text	Dinnerware and pans.	it was empty	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Did they unload the dishwasher in any particular order?	text	yes, top first then bottom plates and silverware	no	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	Why did they want to unload the dishwasher?	text	To put more in.	for fun	0
unloading the dishwasher	5	What kind of utensils were in the dishwasher?	commonsense	forks, spoons, knives	tongs, spatulas	0
unloading the dishwasher	6	Why did the person who unloaded the dishwasher take so long to do it?	commonsense	they had to not only put everything up but also rinse things that were not clean	they broke all the plates and had to clean up	0
unloading the dishwasher	7	When did they unload the dishwasher?	text	After work.	the next day	0
unloading the dishwasher	8	Were there a lot of dishes?	commonsense	no	yes	1
playing a movie	0	Who selected the movie?	text	The person telling the story.	his friend	0
playing a movie	1	What format was the movie in?	text	It was on DVD.	It was on VHS.	0
visiting a museum	0	When did they go to the museum?	text	The day before.	Today	0
visiting a museum	1	All in all, would they go back to the museum ?	text	No	Yes	1
visiting a museum	2	Did they go to the museum with anyone ?	text	Yes	No	0
visiting a museum	3	How much did they like their visit to the museum?	text	They were disappointed.	The like it a lot.	1
visiting a museum	4	What time did they get to the museum?	text	Early in the day	Late in the afternoon.	0
visiting a museum	5	What did they learn about?	text	History/ western	Science and geology	0
answering the phone	0	Were they expecting this call?	text	Yes they were expecting the call.	No, they were surprised by the phone call.	0
answering the phone	1	Why did they call?	text	They called to talk.	To set an appointment time	1
answering the phone	2	Did they need something?	text	They were canceling the interview	Yes, to set up a 2nd interview	1
answering the phone	3	Who was calling?	text	The boss was calling	The secretary was calling	1
answering the phone	4	Did they call home phone or cell phone?	commonsense	Probably cell phone	They called from a pay phone	0
answering the phone	5	Was it a personal call, or a business call?	text	It was a business call to set up a second interview	It was a personal call.	0
answering the phone	6	How did they end the phone call?	text	They couldn't agree on an interview time	They agreed on an interview date and the person told the secretary to have a nice day	1
answering the phone	7	Why were they waiting for the call?	text	To see if they got the job.	They were waiting to schedule a second job interview	1
answering the phone	8	How long was the call?	commonsense	A half-hour	Less than 5 minutes	1
planting a tree	0	Did anyone else have to help plant the tree?	text	no, I planted it by myself	yes, the gardener helped me	0
planting a tree	1	Will the trees lose its leaves in fall?	commonsense	all deciduous trees do	no, it is a conifer	0
planting a tree	2	What will the tree be used for?	text	To give shade	To grow fruit	0
planting a tree	3	Where did they buy the trees?	text	at a garden center	restaurant	0
planting a tree	4	How big will the tree grow?	commonsense	hardly big at all	at least 50 feet	1
planting a tree	5	Where did they plant the tree?	text	park	back yard	1
planting a tree	6	Is the tree a coniferous tree?	commonsense	yes	no, maples are deciduous	1
planting a tree	7	Did they check to see if the tree needs sun or shade?	commonsense	the tree needs sun	no	0
making a camping trip	0	where was the campsite located?	text	In the state park	out of town	0
making a camping trip	1	Did they figure out what they would need to take?	text	they didn't know	Yes they did.	1
making a camping trip	2	Are they camping in a tent?	text	No they are not.	Yes they are.	1
making a camping trip	3	When did they take the trip?	text	In winter.	during the summer	1
making a camping trip	4	Where did they sleep on the trip?	commonsense	In new tent	In a hotel.	0
making a camping trip	5	Were they going to camp out in the forest?	text	No, the beach	No at a campsite	1
making a dinner reservation	1	What kind of reservation was guaranteed?	text	guaranteed seating	for 6 people	0
making a dinner reservation	2	Why did they pick that restaurant to reserve a place for?	text	daughter loves chili's	It was the only restaurant available	0
making a dinner reservation	3	Will it be a romantic date dinner?	text	no, its a birthday dinner	yes, its a date dinner	0
making a dinner reservation	4	Which restaurant did they call?	text	Applebee's	Chilis	1
making a dinner reservation	5	Was the reservation made over the phone or online?	text	over the phone	Online.	0
making a dinner reservation	6	Why did they decide to go to that place that the reservation was made?	text	daughters favorite place	It was cheap	0
making a dinner reservation	7	What restaurant was the reservation made for?	text	Applebee's	Chilis	1
making a dinner reservation	8	Will this be a family dinner?	text	yes, the family was invited to the birthday dinner	no, just friends	0
renting a movie	0	what movie is it?	text	Fast and furious	Hidden Figures	1
renting a movie	1	why did they rent a movie	commonsense	For a child	To watch	1
renting a movie	2	why did they choose the movie	text	It seemed interesting and they hadn't seen it yet	It was the only one available	0
renting a movie	3	Where was the movie watched?	text	At home	In the car	0
renting a movie	4	where did they rent the movie	text	Red Box at the grocery store	video store	0
preparing a picnic	0	How many people are coming to the picnic?	text	3	4	1
preparing a picnic	1	What drink are they packing?	text	water	sodas	1
going to a funeral	0	Who was the funeral for?	text	the narrator's grandma	the dad	0
going to a funeral	1	How long did it take them to get there?	text	Eight hours.	Ten Hours	0
going to a funeral	2	can we bring flowers for the funeral?	commonsense	no, it's against the law	Yes,flowers are allowed.	1
going to a funeral	3	How did they know the deceased?	text	it was their teacher	it was their Nan (grandma)	1
going to a funeral	4	Where was the funeral held?	text	VFW	A funeral home in Maryland	1
going to a funeral	5	What music was played?	text	The Rose Of Tralee	Country music	1
renovating a room	0	Who was doing the renovation work?	text	a decorator	the narrarator	1
renovating a room	1	What did they fix?	text	renovate the bedroom	the roof	0
renovating a room	2	Is the room pretty now?	text	Yes	too dark	0
renovating a room	3	How did they begin?	text	removing the stuff from the room	taping down the floor cover	0
renovating a room	4	How long did this process take?	text	3 days	1 week	0
renovating a room	5	How did they renovate the room?	text	Painting	New furniture	0
renovating a room	6	Why did they renovate the room?	text	It was ugly.	it was leaking	0
renovating a room	7	How did the room look afterwards?	text	Like a basement.	like a brand new bride	1
feeding the fish	0	Why did the fish eat the fish food?	commonsense	They were forced to.	these fish were hungry	1
feeding the fish	1	Why did the fish need to be fed?	commonsense	It was Saturday.	Because they will die without food	1
feeding the fish	2	Where are the fish located?	text	In a fishbowl	In the aquarium	1
visiting the beach	0	Did they go into the water?	text	No- they were afraid of the water.	Yes	1
visiting the beach	1	What time of year were they at the beach?	commonsense	Winter	Summer	1
visiting the beach	2	Did they make sand castles?	text	Yes	No sandcastles.	0
visiting the beach	3	Did they get sun burnt?	commonsense	No-they put on sunblock	Yes	0
visiting the beach	4	did they watch the sea?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
visiting the beach	5	what were the doing at the beach?	text	playing and looking for shells	Watching surfers	0
visiting the beach	6	What did they eat at the beach?	text	Snacks and drinks.	dead fish that washed up on shore	0
visiting the beach	7	What was the weather like?	commonsense	raining	Sunny and hot.	1
going to the swimming pool	0	Where there any friends there?	text	yes	no one was at the pool	0
going to the swimming pool	1	When did they exit the pool?	text	three hours later	after six hours	0
going to the swimming pool	2	What did they bring with them?	text	reading material	sunblock towels and snacks	1
going to the swimming pool	3	What did they do at the pool?	text	played soccer	Swam, played games, and played with pool noodles	1
going to the swimming pool	4	What are they bringing to the pool?	text	snowsuits	sunblock snacks etc	1
going to the swimming pool	5	When did they go swimming?	text	today	after dipping in toe	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	Did they go back to that restaurant?	text	Yes, they brought the food back.	No, they just ate what they had.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	Why did they go to that restaurant?	text	They had a coupon.	To pick up an order.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	What did they order firts?	text	The pork.	Chicken Enchiladas	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	Did they get a discount?	text	Yes	No, they didn't get any money off.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	Was it the right order?	text	No, it was not the right order.	Yes, it was the right order.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	Who cooked it?	text	They cooked it at home.	Restaurant cook.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	Was the food cold?	commonsense	Yes, the food was cold.	No, the food was hot.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	7	Who did they get to correct the order?	text	The manager corrected it.	Whoever answered the phone when they called.	1
going on a train	0	Why were they traveling by train?	text	It's faster than a car	It was the only way to get there as cars are banned	0
going on a train	1	Were they traveling by themselves?	commonsense	Yes, they were alone.	No, they were with all their coworkers.	0
going on a train	2	Why did they take the train?	text	they didn't take the train	It is faster and cheaper than driving	1
going on a train	3	Did they have a reserved ticket?	text	no	yes	0
going on a train	4	How did they get their tickets?	text	they didn't get tickets	purchased them at the station	1
making a bonfire	0	Did the put the fire out when they were done?	commonsense	No they left it burning	Yes	1
making a bonfire	1	Who built the bonfire?	text	The narrator	The Author's friends	0
making a bonfire	2	Did people sit around the fire and tell stories?	text	Yes	No	0
making a bonfire	3	how many people helped	text	six	None	1
making a bonfire	4	who lit the fire	text	A neighbor lit the bonfire	The narrator.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Where were they heating the food?	text	Microwave	On the stove	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Why do they use a gas stove?	commonsense	Because that's the kind they have.	Didn't use a gas stove	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Why is the food cooked in the kitchen?	commonsense	That's where the stove is.	Because the living room was too crowded.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Do you need to use a match?	commonsense	Yes,you do.	No matches.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	What did they use to heat the food?	text	A stove.	Electric burner.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	5	Is this a residential kitchen?	commonsense	No it was at work.	Yes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	6	How many people are eating?	commonsense	One.	Three.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	Does gas stink?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
heating food on kitchen gas	8	did they eat the food?	text	No,they saved it.	Yes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	9	Were they heating it for themselves or someone else?	text	They were heating it for the guests	Themselves.	1
giving a medicine to someone	0	When did they start taking the medicine?	commonsense	when he felt better	After the child had cold like symptoms	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	Who took the medicine?	text	her son	The mother	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	How did they take the medicine?	text	swallowed it from a spoon	A shot in the arm	0
giving a medicine to someone	3	How does someone take medicine?	commonsense	By injection.	they swallow it	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	Does the medicine taste terrible?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	0	Will a bride and groom cut the cake?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
baking a cake	1	Why are they interested in baking	text	tasted a good cake	They watched a cooking show and thought the recipe looked good	1
baking a cake	2	Where was the cake baked?	commonsense	kitchen	restaurant	0
baking a cake	3	Was the cake made by a baker?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
baking a cake	4	Was the cake made for a certain occasion?	commonsense	no	Yes, a birthday party	0
baking a cake	5	Where did they bake the cake?	commonsense	restaurant	kitchen	1
feeding the fish	0	Were the fish in a man made lake?	text	Yes, they fed them from the dock.	No they were in an aquarium in the living room.	1
feeding the fish	1	Why do they need to feed the fish?	commonsense	It was what the fish wanted.	Fish needs to eat food to live	1
feeding the fish	2	Where did they feed them?	text	The aquarium.	The pet store.	0
feeding the fish	3	Will the fish know how to eat?	commonsense	No the fish don't.	Yes, they swim to the flakes.	1
feeding the fish	4	Who fed the fish?	text	Their parents	The narrator	1
feeding the fish	5	What sort of food do the fish eat?	text	Fish flakes	Tuna	0
making toasted bread	0	Can everyone make toast?	commonsense	Yes, if you have a toaster.	No.	0
making toasted bread	1	Did they put it on a plate or a napkin?	text	Plate	Napkin.	0
making toasted bread	2	How long do they have to wait for it to toast?	commonsense	half an hour	Just a few minutes.	1
making toasted bread	3	How dark did they toast the bread?	commonsense	Not to dark.	burnt	0
making toasted bread	4	When were they making toast?	text	For a late night snack.	This morning	1
making toasted bread	5	Did they share the toast with someone else?	commonsense	No	yes	0
making toasted bread	6	Was the toast for them or someone else?	text	Them.	For someone else	0
making toasted bread	7	Where are they toasting the bread?	commonsense	in the bedroom	in the kitchen	1
making toasted bread	8	Does it scare them when the toaster is done?	commonsense	yes	No.	1
making toasted bread	9	Does the toaster make a sound when it is finished.	commonsense	Yes	No	1
getting a haircut	0	Was there anybody else in the room?	commonsense	They were alone in the empty salon.	Other patrons and workers	1
getting a haircut	1	Is this taking place in a business or a residence?	text	Residence	Business.	1
getting a haircut	2	What kind of style did they get?	commonsense	short cut	long cut	0
getting a haircut	3	Who cut the hair?	text	The receptionist.	A hairdresser.	1
setting the dining table	0	How formal is the table setting?	commonsense	very formal	not formal	1
setting the dining table	1	How long did setting up the table take ?	commonsense	an hour	Not long	1
setting the dining table	2	What did they put on the table?	text	A tablecloth, plates and mugs	Silverware, glasses, plates, table mats, trivet	1
setting the dining table	3	Did they know where to put the forks?	text	yes	no	0
setting the dining table	4	How many cups were in a setting?	text	four	6	0
setting the dining table	5	What are they having for dinner?	text	Chicken nuggets	casserole	1
setting the dining table	6	Does someone help set the table?	text	yes	no	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	What was used to clean the tub?	text	scrubber	cleaner and water	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	Where was the bathroom?	text	upstairs	In the basement.	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	Who cleaned the bathroom?	text	The narrator	Their mom	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	How hard was it to clean the bathroom?	text	It was very difficult	It was easy	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	How long did it take to clean the bathroom?	text	2 hours	20 minutes.	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	Did they scrub when they cleaned?	text	yes	no	0
cleaning the bathroom	6	How many people did it take to clean the bathroom?	text	two	one	1
cleaning the bathroom	7	Did they remember to wipe down the mirror?	text	yes	no	0
cleaning the bathroom	8	When did they start cleaning the bathroom?	text	Saturday afternoon	Friday afternoon	1
cleaning the bathroom	9	Why does the bathroom need to be cleaned?	commonsense	it was dirty	it is clean	0
cleaning the bathroom	10	How did they clean the tub?	text	They scrubbed it with a sponge	cleaning spray	1
cleaning the bathroom	11	How did the bathroom get dirty?	commonsense	normal use	dog peed on floor	0
cleaning the bathroom	12	Did they use more than one type of cleaner?	text	yes	no	0
putting up a painting	0	What did the painting look like?	text	A scene with a church	It was abstract	0
putting up a painting	1	Were they pleased with this painting?	text	Yes	No	0
putting up a painting	2	What hanging method did they use for the painting?	text	hammer and nail method	glue	0
putting up a painting	3	When did they get the painting?	text	for their birthday	for Christmas	1
putting up a painting	4	What did the painting have on it?	text	a church	a clown	0
putting up a painting	5	Why did they choose that location for the painting?	text	it covered a scratch on the wall	the wall is empty	1
putting up a painting	6	Why should they measure the painting before they hang it?	commonsense	Leveling	to make sure the picture is level	0
putting up a painting	7	Was it hard to put up the painting?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
putting up a painting	8	What wall did they put up the painting on?	text	living room wall above the couch	The wall next to the closet	1
putting up a painting	9	Who painted this?	text	Their cousin	Friend	0
packing a suitcase	0	Was it a business trip?	text	yes	no	1
packing a suitcase	1	What's in the suitcase?	text	Clothes and toiletries	dresses, shoes, laptops, and umbrella	0
packing a suitcase	2	Why did they pack the suitcase?	text	they were packing for a business trip	they were going on vacation	1
packing a suitcase	3	Why were they packing?	text	they were going on vacation	for the hospital	0
packing a suitcase	4	Who is packaging the suitcase?	text	a travel agent	The narrator	1
packing a suitcase	5	Whose suitcase are they packing?	text	a spouse's suitcase	their own suitcase	1
packing a suitcase	6	Who packed the suitcase?	text	mom did	the narrator	1
packing a suitcase	7	Who packed for them?	text	the maid	They did	1
going to a funeral	0	Did they go to the cemetery?	text	yes they went	No, they did not.	0
going to a funeral	1	Is there any relatives that need to be notified?	text	yes	she did not have any family	0
going to a funeral	2	Whose funeral was it?	text	A girl who was a college coworker to the narrator	my uncle	0
going to a funeral	3	Why did the people feel it was important to have a funeral?	commonsense	They wanted to have a party.	the girl died	1
going to a funeral	4	will the family be there?	text	Yes, they will.	No, they will not.	0
going to a funeral	5	How did the person die?	text	In a car accident.	In a plane crash	0
going to a funeral	6	What did they wear?	text	Their nicest black dress.	White pants	0
going to a funeral	7	Did they go with anyone else?	commonsense	They went alone	yes	0
going to a funeral	8	how did they get killed or die?	text	In a car accident on the way to the airport	cancer	0
going on a date	0	Who paid for the dinner on the date?	text	The restaurant	Both of them.	1
going on a date	1	Who was the person they were going on a date with?	text	A boy from college	A man in the park	0
going on a date	2	Who will pay for the date?	text	nobody	Both of them.	1
going on a date	3	Did they get dressed up for their date?	text	No.	yes	1
going on a date	4	How did they meet this person?	text	on the street	at school	1
going on a date	5	Did they go to different places on their date?	text	yes	no just one	1
going on a date	6	Did they buy each other presents on the date?	text	no	yes	0
making omelette	0	Why did the person making the omelette stir the eggs?	commonsense	they like to stir eggs	to mix them properly	1
making omelette	1	What things did they add into the omelette?	text	mushroom, green pepper, cheese, onion	ham and cheese	0
making omelette	2	How long did it take to make the omelette?	commonsense	not long	Two and a half hours.	0
making omelette	3	Where did they put the egg shells?	commonsense	They left them on the counter.	garbage	1
making omelette	4	When did they crack the eggs?	text	After they put the butter in the pan.	while the vegetables were cooking	1
making omelette	5	What did they season the eggs with?	text	Salt and pepper.	Hot sauce and garlic.	0
making omelette	6	Can we add spinach to an omelette?	commonsense	Yes, you can add spinach to an omelette.	No, you cannot put spinach in an omelette.	0
making omelette	7	What kind of cheese did they use in their omelette?	text	Swiss cheese	Cheddar cheese.	1
making omelette	8	Why did they have omelette instead of something else?	commonsense	they had nothing else to eat	A decision made by the person	1
renting a movie	0	Did they have help from someone else?	text	No	Yes	1
renting a movie	1	How did they decide which movie to pick?	text	Took a vote	they already knew before going	0
renting a movie	2	why did they rent a movie	text	to waste time	Free perk/fun	1
renting a movie	3	where did they rent it from?	text	blockbuster	Club at beach	1
renting a movie	4	how did they pay for the movie	text	free perk	Cash	0
going to a shopping centre	0	What kind of things did they buy?	text	A mattress.	A bed	0
going to a shopping centre	1	How many stores did they visit?	text	Two or three.	Just one.	1
going to a shopping centre	2	How long did they shop?	commonsense	All day	not long	1
going to a shopping centre	3	What stores did they go to?	text	A clothing store	Mattress stores	1
going to a shopping centre	4	For what occasion were they shopping for?	text	Christmas	they needed a new mattress	1
going to a shopping centre	5	Was a shopping cart available?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
going to a shopping centre	6	Who did they go shopping with?	text	Their neighbors.	Their family	1
folding clothes	0	Were they folding towels and sheets?	text	No	yes	0
folding clothes	1	Did any clothes need to be ironed out before folding?	commonsense	no	yes all of them	0
folding clothes	2	was it men's or woman's clothing?	text	Men's clothing	woman's	1
folding clothes	3	why did they fold the clothes?	commonsense	So as to be neat and tidy	They were forced to do so	0
folding clothes	4	Was this a normal part of their day?	commonsense	no	yes	1
folding clothes	5	Why did they need to fold the clothes?	commonsense	Because they were dirty.	To finish the laundry correctly	1
folding clothes	6	Where did they fold the clothes?	commonsense	family room	in the bedroom	0
folding clothes	7	Were the clothes neat or sloppy?	text	neat, they were carefully folded	sloppy	0
writing a letter	0	Did the letter get sent out?	text	yes	no	0
writing a letter	1	How long did it take to write the letter?	commonsense	A long time	A little while	1
writing a letter	2	Why did they write the letter?	text	for fun	to complain about bad service	1
writing a letter	3	Who did they write the letter too?	text	headquarters	store manager	0
writing a letter	4	What was the reasoning behind the letter?	text	Invitation	to complain about bad service	1
writing a letter	5	What are they writing on?	text	a word doc	Typewriter	0
writing a letter	6	What was the reason for writing?	text	Complaint	compliment to the restaurant	0
writing a letter	7	Was it sealed with a kiss?	commonsense	no	yes	0
writing a letter	8	What is the subject of the letter?	commonsense	Complaint	Compliment	0
writing a letter	9	Who are they writing to?	text	store manager	headquarters	1
going to the dentist	0	Who was the dentist?	text	Dr. Phil	Dr. Le	1
going to the dentist	1	Why did they go to the dentist?	commonsense	Because they were in pain.	Checkup	1
going to the dentist	2	How often do they need to go to the dentist?	text	Every six years	Every six months.	1
going to the dentist	3	How long did the dentist appointment take?	commonsense	Less than an hour	At least two hours	0
going to the dentist	4	What time did they arrive?	text	5 minutes late	The author arrived fifteen minutes before the appointment.	1
boiling milk	0	What did they use to boil the milk?	text	A stove and pan	A microwave	0
boiling milk	1	What did they do with the milk after it finished boiling?	text	Poured it in the sink	they let it cool down	1
boiling milk	2	What kind of milk was it?	commonsense	regular white milk	Lizard Milk	0
boiling milk	3	Why did milk need to be boiled?	text	To warm it for a baby	They are making custard	1
boiling milk	4	When did they boil the milk?	text	Right before making custard	Yesterday	0
boiling milk	5	Do they need to stir the milk while it is boiling?	text	Yes, or it will burn  and boil over	No, just leave it	0
boiling milk	6	Did the milk get scalded?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
boiling milk	7	Who was boiling the milk?	text	The protagonist	The neighbor	0
changing bed sheets	0	Were the new bed sheets clean?	text	No they were dirty.	Yes they were clean	1
changing bed sheets	1	How many people did it take to change the sheets?	text	One person.	Two people.	0
changing bed sheets	2	Why did the bed sheets need changing?	commonsense	they had spilled food	they were dirty	1
changing bed sheets	3	When did they unfold the clean sheets?	text	while making the bed	In the morning	0
changing bed sheets	4	Do they change them by themselves?	text	No they didn't.	Yes they did.	1
changing bed sheets	5	Do they change them, or wash and replace the same?	text	they changed the sheets	Wash and replace them the same.	0
changing bed sheets	6	How did the bed look after they changed the sheets?	commonsense	lumpy	clean comfy	1
changing bed sheets	7	Where were the bed sheet located?	text	In a closet.	the dryer	0
shopping online	0	How many did they get?	text	2 pairs.	1 pair.	0
shopping online	1	How long did it take to be delivered?	text	3-5 business days	More than a week.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Where did they sit?	commonsense	In the restaurant.	in the car	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where did they park?	commonsense	Across the street from the restaurant	Close to the restaurant	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Were they by themselves or with anyone?	commonsense	with a group of people	Alone.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	Did they order at the counter?	text	yes	no at the drive through	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Why did they use the kitchen gas?	text	They did not use the gas	Because they have a gas stove	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	How many people were making the food?	text	Just one	4	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Was it leftover from home or takeout?	text	Leftover from home	Leftover from a takeout	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Did the food come out fine after reheating?	commonsense	Yes	No they burned it	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	was the food in a pot?	text	Yes it was in a pot on the stove	No it was in a bowl in the microwave	0
heating food on kitchen gas	5	What kind of stove or grill were they using?	text	An electric stove	An old gas stove	1
heating food on kitchen gas	6	did they sit down to eat?	commonsense	yes	No they stood the whole time	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	How long did it take to completely heat up the food?	commonsense	Just a few minutes	a few hours	0
heating food on kitchen gas	8	Do you need to use a match?	text	Yes they did	No.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	9	Where was the food being made?	text	At home one the stove.	In a microwave oven	0
walking a dog	0	When did they decide they had to walk the dog?	text	At night	every day	1
walking a dog	1	Did they take the dog to a park?	text	No	Yes	0
walking a dog	2	Who is walking the dog?	text	just dad	narrator and family	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	How did they clean the mirror?	text	Windex was used	With water.	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	Did the bathroom have a bathtub?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	Was a brush used to clean the toilet?	text	Yes	No	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	Was the bathroom much cleaner after it was cleaned?	commonsense	No, it was filthy.	Yes it was much cleaner afterwards	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	What did they use to scrub?	text	a toothbrush	a toilet brush	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	Did they clean the drains?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
cleaning the bathroom	6	Did they open the window?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
going to the dentist	0	Did they have any cavities?	text	no	yes	0
going to the dentist	1	Why did they have to go to the dentist	text	They wanted replacement teeth.	to get their teeth cleaned and checked for cavities	1
going to the dentist	2	Are their teeth clean and shiny now?	commonsense	no	yes	1
going to the dentist	3	Is there more then one dentist?	commonsense	yes	no	0
checking in at an airport	0	Where are they going on the plane?	text	home	Florida	1
checking in at an airport	1	Which airline did they choose?	text	Spirit Airlines	Delta	0
checking in at an airport	2	How long did it take them to get checked in at the counter?	text	One hour	ten minutes	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	When did they get their drink?	text	after their food was ready	before their food	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where did they eat?	text	at a table inside	at home	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	When did they leave?	commonsense	after they got their food	after they finished eating	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	What did they order?	text	pizza	chicken fries and drink	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	When did the food come?	commonsense	before it was cooked	After they ordered	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Did they get a drink?	text	yes	no	0
going to a shopping centre	0	What did they buy?	text	a car	clothes, towels and shoes	1
going to a shopping centre	1	Did they find what they were looking for?	text	Yes	No, they didn't find anything.	0
going to a shopping centre	2	Why did they go to that center?	text	To go shopping.	Fun	0
going to a shopping centre	3	Who went to the shopping centre?	text	the author	a group of friends	0
going to a shopping centre	4	Did they get anything to eat while they were there?	text	No, they ate at home.	Yes, they stopped for lunch.	1
going to a shopping centre	5	How did they get to the shopping centre, through car or bus?	text	They drive their car.	They took a bus.	0
going to a shopping centre	6	How did they get there?	text	They drove their car.	bus	0
going to a shopping centre	7	What kind of stores did they go in?	text	Pet food stores.	clothing store, restaurant, shoe store	1
going to a shopping centre	8	Where did they pay for their items?	text	At the cashier.	at the table	0
folding clothes	0	Were they grouped by type before they were folded?	text	Yes	No	0
folding clothes	1	How dry were the clothes they were folding?	commonsense	Completely dry	partially wet	0
folding clothes	2	How did they carry the clothes?	text	In a laundry basket	In a laundry bag	0
folding clothes	3	What did they do before folding the clothes?	text	Sort them and put them in piles	Iron them	0
folding clothes	4	did they put the clothes away?	text	No they left them out	Yes they did	1
folding clothes	5	Did they immediately put the clothes away after folding them?	text	Yes	No	0
folding clothes	6	In which room are they folding the clothes?	commonsense	in the kitchen	The bedroom	1
folding clothes	7	Did anyone help them with folding the clothes?	text	no	Yes, their parents	0
doing laundry	0	Why was the laundry separated into different loads?	text	To keep the whites bright	because they like dingy clothes	0
doing laundry	1	who did the laundry?	text	the husband	the narrator	1
doing laundry	2	Where was the laundry taken to be washed?	commonsense	to the washer machine	To the bedroom	0
doing laundry	3	What temperature of water did they use?	text	cold	Warm	0
doing laundry	4	How did they separate the laundry items before washing them?	text	did not sort	Whites and colors	1
visiting a doctor	0	Did they have to wait for the doctor?	text	No	Yes	1
visiting a doctor	1	How long did they have to wait to be called back to see the doctor?	text	Several minutes	An hour.	0
visiting a doctor	2	How did they pay?	text	they have insurance	Cash	0
visiting a doctor	3	What did the doctor say?	text	They had strep throat	They had a cold	0
having a barbecue	0	Who went to the barbeque?	text	their friends from school	narrator and family	1
having a barbecue	1	What other kinds of food were served?	text	fries, slaw, mac and cheese and salad	they didn't have anything else	0
having a barbecue	2	How did the food taste?	commonsense	delicious!	horrible!	0
having a barbecue	3	When are they going to start cooking food for the barbecue?	text	once the grill cools off	when the grill was ready	1
having a barbecue	4	Why did they decide to have the barbecue?	text	it was tuesday	because it was summer time	1
having a barbecue	5	Where did they eat the food?	text	at a picnic table	on a picnic blanket	0
doing laundry	0	Who did the laundry?	text	The family together	The laundromat employees.	0
doing laundry	1	why did they do the laundry?	commonsense	They had nothing better to do	To clean their clothes.	1
doing laundry	2	Why did they go to the laundry?	text	It's more fun that way	To wash their clothes.	1
doing laundry	3	Why do they put detergent in the washer?	commonsense	To clean the clothes better	To clean the washing machine.	0
doing laundry	4	How much laundry detergent was used for each load?	commonsense	One cap full.	The amount indicated on the package.	1
doing laundry	5	Who had laundry to be washed?	text	The entire family.	Just their mom.	0
doing laundry	6	How did they do the laundry?	text	Carefully with certain rules	By hand in the sink.	0
setting the dining table	0	How many places were set at the table?	text	5 places	4 places	1
setting the dining table	1	Where was the table set ?	text	dining room	The table was set in the living room	0
setting the dining table	2	Were there any bowls?	text	Yes	No	1
setting the dining table	3	Who set the table?	text	the narrator	Their brother	0
setting the dining table	4	How long before dinner do they set the table?	text	several hours before	right before	1
setting the dining table	5	In what room do they set the table?	text	dining room	Kitchen	0
setting the dining table	6	How many guests was the table set for ?	text	6 people	none	1
setting the dining table	7	Who will be joining them for the meal?	text	Their coworker	Their brother	1
throwing a party	0	Did they have fun?	text	yes lot of fun	no fun there	0
throwing a party	1	Where was the party located?	text	at their place	at the grocery store	0
throwing a party	2	Where is it going to be held?	text	at the writer's office	their place	1
throwing a party	3	What was being celebrated?	text	New Year's Eve	birthday party	0
throwing a party	4	Was there a gift-exchange?	text	no	yes	0
throwing a party	5	How long was the party held for?	text	til midnight	Until 10	0
throwing a party	6	Who was the party being thrown for?	text	For the owner of the apartment	No one, for New Year's Eve	1
throwing a party	7	Where was the party being held?	text	at a mall	at their house	1
planting a tree	0	How was the tree planted?	text	magic	By hand, with a shovel	1
planting a tree	1	Did anyone else have to help plant the tree?	text	No	Yes	0
planting a tree	2	What tools were needed to help plant the tree?	text	a handsaw	A shovel, a garden hose, rope, and a canal funnel	1
planting a tree	3	What did planting the tree involve?	text	just putting it in a planter and watering it	Digging, planting, watering, reinforcing.	1
planting a tree	4	How many trees total did they plant?	text	One	4	0
taking a taxi	0	Where did they ride in the taxi?	text	They sat in the back seat.	in the front	0
taking a taxi	1	Where did the taxi take them?	text	The taxi took them to the airport.	It drove them to Florida.	0
taking a taxi	2	Was the taxi ride pleasant?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a taxi	3	Where were they headed in the taxi anyway ?	text	They were going to the airport.	They were visiting their grandmother.	0
making a bed	0	Did they go to sleep on the bed after making it?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
making a bed	1	When did they make the bed?	text	At midnight.	Soon after waking.	1
making a bed	2	Was there a comforter put onto the bed?	text	No	Yes	0
making a bed	3	Did it take more than one person to make the bed?	text	yes 5 people	no	1
making a bed	4	Did they have to move anything out of the way to make the bed?	text	The cats.	The sheets, blankets, and pillows.	1
making a bed	5	Where they alone in the room when they made the bed?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
making a bed	6	Why did they want to make the bed?	commonsense	To look neat.	They were having a party.	0
making a bed	7	What steps did they take?	text	Remove,clean,iron,replace.	Remove,smooth,place,and straighten.	1
taking a bath	0	What kind of bath product did they use?	text	shampoo	bubble bath	1
taking a bath	1	When did they get out and dry off?	text	when the water got cold	after 10 minutes	0
taking a bath	2	How did they get into the bathtub?	text	Carefully	jumping head first	0
taking a bath	3	Did the person in the bath need someone else to clean them?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
taking a bath	4	Did the tub fill with water?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	5	Did they use bubbles?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	6	Were there toys in the bath?	text	yes, a rubber duck	no	0
taking a bath	7	Was there only one person in the bath?	text	no	yes	1
painting a wall	0	Who brought the paint?	text	The author	A friend of the painter	0
painting a wall	1	Who did the painting?	text	their mother	The author	1
painting a wall	2	What did the painter use to put the paint on the walls?	text	spray paint	a paint brush	1
painting a wall	3	How many people helped paint the wall?	text	no one helped narrator	Five people.	0
painting a wall	4	Who painted the wall?	text	The author's parents who bought the house.	The storyteller.	1
painting a wall	6	Was it a dirty wall?	commonsense	No, clean.	Yes because it needed paint	0
painting a wall	7	When did they decide to paint?	text	When they moved in.	Right before they moved out.	0
painting a wall	8	Was it a new wall?	text	Yes it was.	No it was not.	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Where did they plug the vacuum in at?	commonsense	In the garage	in an available outlet	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	When did they start vacuuming?	text	After they had brushed the carpet	As soon as they saw the dog hair	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	When did they stop vacuuming the carpet?	commonsense	When they thought they had vacuumed the room well enough.	When the vacuum broke.	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Did they get any help from any other family members?	text	No they did it alone	yes	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	Where does the dirt go?	text	outside in the yard	Vacuum canister.	1
vacuuming the carpet	6	Why did they decide to vacuum?	text	Pet hair was on the floor.	Dirt was on the floor.	0
vacuuming the carpet	7	How did they choose which rooms to vacuum?	text	The needed to clean up dirt tracked in	They vacuumed the carpeted areas	1
vacuuming the carpet	8	Why did the carpet need vacuuming?	text	Their pets were shedding	Their pets brought dirt into the house.	0
answering the phone	0	How long did it ring for?	commonsense	a few rings	It rang once.	0
answering the phone	1	Why did that person call?	text	To say hello and talk	To sell things	1
answering the phone	2	Where were they when they were called?	text	in kitchen	at home in living room	1
answering the phone	3	Did the phone ring a lot?	commonsense	no	yes	1
answering the phone	4	Who was calling?	text	A friend.	a sales person	1
answering the phone	5	Was the ringtone loud?	text	yes could be heard in whole house	not audible	0
answering the phone	6	Who called them?	text	the salesperson called the author	parent	0
answering the phone	7	Who hung up the phone first?	text	the author	salesperson	1
answering the phone	8	Where did they pick up the phone?	text	the bathroom	in their home- living room	1
answering the phone	9	What were they doing before they answered the phone?	text	Sitting at the table.	sitting on the living room sofa	1
making a shopping list	0	Why did they write the list?	text	Reminder of items to buy.	For the maid.	0
making a shopping list	1	What is the list for?	text	Clothes shopping	groceries they needed	1
making a shopping list	2	Who made the list?	text	A neighbor	the author	1
making a shopping list	3	Where were they going to shop?	text	a drug store	the supermarket	1
making a shopping list	4	Was it a grocery list?	text	Yes	No	0
making a shopping list	5	What stores will they be shopping at?	text	It didn't say	grocery store	1
making a shopping list	6	Who wrote the list?	text	mother	the author	1
making a shopping list	7	Why did they need a list?	text	So they could spend more money	to buy food	1
making a shopping list	8	Do they make shopping lists frequently?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making a shopping list	9	How did they decide which items made it onto the lists?	text	they checked their inventory	They just put down whatever they wanted to.	0
ironing laundry	0	Who was Ironing?	text	the author	their housekeeper	0
ironing laundry	1	Why did they iron the clothes?	commonsense	they had wrinkles	they didn't	0
ironing laundry	2	Why did the clothes need to be ironed?	commonsense	they didn't	To avoid being wrinkled	1
ironing laundry	4	Who did the ironing?	text	the author	The narrator's next door neighbor	0
mailing a letter	0	Who mailed the letter?	text	the author	their mom	0
mailing a letter	1	How many stamps did they use?	text	One.	Two.	0
mailing a letter	2	How did the envelope get stamped?	text	it came that way	By the sender.	1
mailing a letter	3	How did they send the letter?	text	Through the mail	By courier	0
sewing a button	0	What tool did they use?	text	needle and thread	A sewing machine.	0
sewing a button	1	How many buttons need to be sewn?	text	Only one button.	Four buttons had fallen off.	0
sewing a button	2	Was the shirt missing the button?	text	yes	no	0
sewing a button	3	Why did they sew the button?	text	Because it was loose.	Because it fell off.	1
going to a shopping centre	0	Were they shopping for themselves?	text	yes	no	0
going to a shopping centre	1	Who went to the shopping centre?	text	Just the narrator	4 people	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Where did they pay for their items?	commonsense	At each store's cash register	In a central mall check-out	0
going to a shopping centre	3	How enjoyable was it?	commonsense	They did not enjoy it.	very fun	1
going to a shopping centre	4	When did they go shopping?	text	They went shopping last Tuesday.	Last weekend	1
sewing a button	0	Was the button replacement necessary?	text	No, the shirt did not need buttons.	Yes, the shirt would look silly missing the button.	1
sewing a button	1	What will they be wearing?	text	the fixed shirt	their other shirt without any missing buttons	0
sewing a button	2	Why did they need to sew the button?	text	the button snaps on	the button fell off	1
sewing a button	3	Who sew the button?	text	They had help from a friend	The person the story is about.	1
sewing a button	4	Are there any other buttons that need to be sewn?	commonsense	No, because now the shirt ready to wear.	yes	0
sewing a button	5	What tool did they use?	text	A needle and thread and scissors	A sewing machine	0
sewing a button	6	Did the button look good?	commonsense	No, it was the wrong color,	yes, it was one made for the shirt.	1
sewing a button	7	What clothes item did they sew the button on?	text	pants	their blue shirt	1
making fresh orange juice	0	What time of day was it made?	commonsense	evening	morning	1
making fresh orange juice	1	Where did they drink the orange juice?	commonsense	In her kitchen/dining room	At a restaurant	0
making fresh orange juice	2	Who made the orange juice?	text	Bobby	Dana	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Was the juice being stored for later?	text	No, Dana drank the juice immediately.	Yes	0
making fresh orange juice	4	What time of day were they making the juice?	commonsense	Evening	in the morning	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Were they preparing other food to go with the juice?	text	No, just juice	Yes, breakfast food	1
making fresh orange juice	6	Where did they juice the oranges?	text	in the garden	In their kitchen	1
making fresh orange juice	7	Where did they store the juice after it was made?	commonsense	In the fridge.	They drank it all and did not store any	1
making fresh orange juice	8	How much juice did they end up with?	text	Two gallons	A glass full.	1
making fresh orange juice	9	Why did they want to make orange juice?	text	They wanted it to be fresh	for a party	0
making fresh orange juice	10	Where was the juice made?	text	At home	in the garden	0
making fresh orange juice	11	What was the juice served in?	text	Plastic cup	glass	1
repairing a bicycle	0	Did they repair their own bicycle?	text	Yes	No	0
repairing a bicycle	1	how often does their bike have problems like that?	commonsense	Not very often	daily	0
repairing a bicycle	2	Was the bike repaired?	text	No	Yes	1
repairing a bicycle	3	How long did it take to repair the bicycle?	commonsense	a few minutes	All day	0
repairing a bicycle	4	Was the bicycle fixed at the end of the story?	text	Yes	No	0
repairing a bicycle	5	Where is the bicycle being repaired?	text	repair shop	At home	1
repairing a bicycle	6	Why was the bicycle broken?	text	The chain broke	nail punctured tire	1
taking the underground	0	Where did they wait for the train?	text	Downstairs	Upstairs	0
taking the underground	1	Were they traveling alone?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
taking the underground	2	Were they in a rush or did they have plenty of time?	commonsense	They were in a rush	They had plenty of time	1
taking the underground	3	Did they have any issues on the ride?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
taking the underground	4	Did they walk to the station?	text	Yes	No	0
taking the underground	5	Why did they pay money at the station?	text	To buy ticket.	for someone else's ticket	0
taking the underground	6	Who is taking the train?	text	The narrator	Their mom	0
going on a train	0	Was there food offered on the train?	commonsense	When they were hungry a food cart came by their seat.	seemingly not since he got off the train to buy food	1
going on a train	1	Was the train their first traveling option?	commonsense	No, they could have driven	Yes, there is no other way to get there	0
going on a train	2	Was there food available on the train?	text	No	Yes	1
going on a train	3	Did they travel to more than one place?	commonsense	The train stopped many places, but I don't know if that counts as traveling to more than one place.	He went to Greece as well.	0
going on a train	4	Did they enjoy their trip?	text	yes	no	0
going on a train	5	Why did they take the train?	text	It takes about 15 hours to drive.	It takes about an hour if I drive.	0
laying flooring in a room	0	Why did they replace the old floor?	text	They had always wanted nice hardwood floors	Because the old floor was stained.	0
laying flooring in a room	1	Did anyone help them at all?	commonsense	Yes their neighbor helped	No they did it alone	1
laying flooring in a room	2	Why did they pick the flooring that they picked?	text	They liked tiled floors	They'd always wanted hard wood floors.	1
laying flooring in a room	3	When did they finish?	text	A week after they started	It took a few hours to finish.	1
laying flooring in a room	4	What did they use to secure the flooring?	text	Nails	Screws	0
laying flooring in a room	5	Did it take longer than a week?	text	Yes, it took several weeks.	No, it only took less than one day.	1
laying flooring in a room	6	Why is the floor torn up?	text	Because it was rotting	So they can put the new floor down.	1
renovating a room	0	What room of the house was being renovated?	text	dining room	Kitchen	1
renovating a room	1	What kind of room was it?	text	french farmhouse kitchen	the living room	0
renovating a room	2	Who was doing the renovation work?	text	narrator and family	construction company	0
renovating a room	3	Whose house was the room in?	text	the authors	The white house	0
answering the doorbell	0	How long was the doorbell pressed?	commonsense	Less than 5 seconds	for an hour	0
answering the doorbell	1	Who was ringing the bell?	text	Bella's mother	The mailman	1
answering the doorbell	2	Who is ringing the doorbell?	text	Bella's teacher	mailman	1
answering the doorbell	3	Were they expecting company?	commonsense	Yes	NO	1
answering the doorbell	4	How many people rang the doorbell?	text	3	Two. The postman rang the doorbell and then Bella did.	1
answering the doorbell	5	What was the purpose of ringing the doorbell?	text	Postal delivery	They had family coming over.	0
answering the doorbell	6	Why were they ringing the bell?	text	The postman was making a delivery	The neighbor came to visit	0
answering the doorbell	7	Who is at the door?	text	her mother	The mailman	1
having a barbecue	0	Did anyone complain about the food?	text	Yes, people wanted hotdogs instead.	No, everyone enjoyed it.	1
having a barbecue	1	Was this for a special celebration?	text	No	Yes, it was their birthday.	0
having a barbecue	2	Who was the host of the barbecue?	text	Their friends	The narrator	1
having a barbecue	3	Who came to the barbecue?	text	Family and friends.	Friends, family, coworkers and their families.	1
walking a dog	0	Was the dog big?	text	No, it is a tiny dog.	Yes, it was a big dog.	1
walking a dog	1	Was the dog a boy or a girl?	text	The dog is a girl.	Boy	0
walking a dog	2	When did the dog return home from the walk?	commonsense	after a couple of minutes	when the owner was ready to go home	1
walking a dog	3	Where are they walking the dog?	text	In the park.	Outside.	1
walking a dog	4	How long were they out with the dog?	text	for hours	for a little while	1
walking a dog	5	Was the dog excited to go on the walk?	text	Yes, they were excited to walk.	No, whined and stayed inside.	0
walking a dog	6	How did they get ready to walk the dog?	text	they take the collar off	they put the leash on the dog	1
walking a dog	7	Why are they walking the dog?	text	exercise, bathroom	To show off.	0
walking a dog	8	Why did they have to walk the dog?	text	So the dog can go to the bathroom.	To keep busy.	0
walking a dog	9	Did they take the dog to a park?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
going to the sauna	0	How do they make the steam?	commonsense	It didn't say	By pouring water onto hot rocks	1
going to the sauna	1	Was this for social purposes?	text	No, to relax.	Yes, to meet June.	0
going to the sauna	2	Did they get a towel?	commonsense	Probably, most saunas have towels because you sweat.	No they did not.	0
going to the sauna	3	Did they enjoy the sauna?	text	No, it was too sweaty.	Yes very much	1
going to the sauna	4	Did they talk to anyone in the sauna?	text	Yes, she talked to June.	No, she was all alone.	0
going to the sauna	5	Where did they sit inside the sauna?	commonsense	On wooden benches	On the floor	0
going to the sauna	6	Were they trying to relax?	text	Yes they were.	No, she was there to socialize.	0
feeding the fish	0	Will the fish know how to eat?	commonsense	No.	Yes, they know how to eat.	1
feeding the fish	1	Was it easy to feed them?	commonsense	Yes, very easy.	No, very hard.	0
calling 911	0	Did the caller remain on the line while waiting for help?	text	yes	no	0
calling 911	1	Did the police come?	text	no	yes	1
calling 911	2	Where were they when they called 911?	text	in their home	at work	0
calling 911	3	Was someone the victim of a crime?	text	yes, Barry	no	0
calling 911	4	Did they have to perform CPR?	commonsense	no	yes	0
calling 911	5	How did they describe the problem?	text	his door was open	someone is breaking in their house	1
calling 911	6	Who called 911?	text	Barry	criminal	0
renovating a room	0	Did they take a break during renovation?	text	Yes, while the paint dried	No, they worked straight through	0
renovating a room	1	When did they start renovating the room?	text	yesterday	last weekend	1
renovating a room	2	Why did they buy cans of paint?	text	They wanted to paint the room.	to paint a picture	0
renovating a room	3	How did the room look afterwards?	text	a mess	nice and clean	1
renovating a room	4	Who decided to renovate the room?	text	Two brothers	The children	0
renovating a room	5	How long did it take them to renovate the room?	commonsense	Two weeks	2 days	1
taking a bath	0	Are they happy at bath time?	commonsense	no, they got out mad	yes, it made them feel better	1
taking a bath	1	Did they use bubble bath?	commonsense	yes	no	1
planning a holiday trip	0	When will they be leaving on holiday?	text	next month	In two months.	0
planning a holiday trip	1	How many people are going?	text	six	Four	1
fueling a car	0	Why did they need more fuel?	text	Their gas tank was almost empty	They just wanted to go to the gas station.	0
fueling a car	1	Did they pay at the pump or inside the store?	text	in the store	Paid at the pump	1
fueling a car	2	Where did they put fuel in the car?	text	in a gas container	The gas tank on the right side of the car	1
fueling a car	3	How do they put the gas in the car?	text	Operation of the pump.	Poured it in using a gas can	0
fueling a car	4	Who did they pay before they put fuel in the car?	commonsense	They paid at the pump	The manager of the gas station	0
fueling a car	5	When did they fuel their car?	text	At midnight	This morning before work	1
fueling a car	6	Did they fuel the car at night?	text	No, they got it in the morning.	Yes, it was very late at night	0
fueling a car	7	What kind of fuel did they put in the car?	text	Regular gas	premium	0
fueling a car	8	Where did they get fuel?	text	At home	The nearest gas station	1
laying flooring in a room	0	What kind of flooring was being laid?	text	Tile	long boards	1
laying flooring in a room	1	Who will be helping them?	commonsense	Nobody	They're hiring someone to do it.	0
laying flooring in a room	2	Where were they laying the flooring?	text	In the bedroom of their house.	In the bathroom.	0
laying flooring in a room	3	where did they lay the flooring?	text	in bedroom	in kitchen	0
laying flooring in a room	4	what room is being redone?	text	The kitchen.	The bedroom.	1
visiting a doctor	0	Did they make another appointment to see the doctor?	commonsense	No as a followup appointment wasn't necessary	Yes	0
visiting a doctor	1	What did the doctor say?	text	That their heart and lungs were good	they need to exercise more	0
visiting a doctor	2	Did they get medicine from the doctor?	text	Nope	Yes	0
visiting a doctor	3	Did they need any lab work?	commonsense	Nope, as no problems were noted	Yes they did	0
chopping vegetables	0	Did they eat any of the vegetables?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
chopping vegetables	1	What will we do with the vegetables after we chop them?	text	Throw them away	Take them to eat at the picnic	1
chopping vegetables	2	What did they use to chop the vegetables?	text	They used a knife.	A spoon	0
chopping vegetables	3	Are the vegetables washed off before they are chopped?	commonsense	No they did not wash the vegetables.	normally most people rinse off	1
chopping vegetables	4	How long did it take to chop there vegetables?	commonsense	It took them 2 hours.	A few minutes	1
chopping vegetables	5	What did they make with the vegetables?	text	A salad	A pizza	0
chopping vegetables	6	What did they chop the vegetables on?	text	counter top	chopping board	1
chopping vegetables	7	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	his wife	The author	1
chopping vegetables	8	Who was cutting the vegetables?	text	the author	his wife	0
papering a room	0	Why did they paper the room?	text	They wanted a new color	To coordinate with new furniture	0
papering a room	1	How did they figure out how much paper they needed?	commonsense	They guessed	They measured the room	1
papering a room	2	How did they make the paper stick to the walls?	text	They glued it	Self adhesive	1
papering a room	3	What room will they do?	text	Bedroom	The Living Room	0
papering a room	4	What room did they paper?	text	Parent's bedroom	The author's kitchen	0
papering a room	5	Why did they choose that patter?	text	It was their favorite color and design	It matched the furniture	0
papering a room	6	Did they paint the wall because it was dirty?	text	Yes	No	1
papering a room	7	Which room of the house was it?	text	Bedroom	Kitchen	0
papering a room	8	How long will it take them?	text	Three Hours	2 days	1
papering a room	9	Where did they get the materials to paper the room?	text	Walmart	a home improvement store	1
preparing dinner	0	How many people were helping?	commonsense	several	two	1
preparing dinner	1	Did they add anything extra to the food?	text	No they did not add anything extra.	Yes they added pine nuts.	1
preparing dinner	2	How long did it take them to finish cooking?	commonsense	not long	two hours	0
preparing dinner	4	Where did they eat the dinner?	commonsense	Home	At the restaurant.	0
preparing dinner	5	What time was it when they prepared dinner?	commonsense	In the morning	In the afternoon	1
preparing dinner	6	Did everyone like the dinner?	text	no they hated it	yes they gave compliments	1
preparing dinner	7	How long did dinner take to prepare?	commonsense	not long	a long time	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Was the bag changed right away?	text	No	Yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	did they take the garbage to the dump?	text	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Who replaced the bag?	text	Garbage man	They did.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Did someone tell them to change the trash bags?	commonsense	yes	no	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Did they have help changing the trash?	commonsense	yes	no	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Was it easy to do?	commonsense	yes	no	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	How did they change out the trash bags?	text	Put it in a box	By taking out the old one and putting in the new one.	1
cleaning the table	0	Where was the table?	commonsense	In the basement	Dining room	1
cleaning the table	1	Who are they cleaning the table for?	text	neighbors	Parents	1
cleaning the table	2	Which table did they clean?	text	Dinning room table	Card table	0
cleaning the table	3	What did they use to wipe down the table?	text	Kitchen cleaner and towel	A handheld vacuum	0
cleaning the table	4	Who made the mess on the table?	text	The guests	a baby	0
cleaning the table	5	Did the clean the table before or after dinner?	text	After dinner	Before dinner	0
cleaning the table	6	How many tables were cleaned?	text	one table	Two	0
cleaning the table	7	does everyone sit at the table and eat?	text	yes	no	0
cleaning the table	8	Were dishes on the table?	text	No, only paper plates	Yes	1
cleaning the table	9	Did they clean anything else?	text	No	Yes	0
cleaning the table	10	Why did they clean the table?	text	To remove dirty dishes and crumbs	to ready it for paperwork	0
going grocery shopping	0	When did they check out?	commonsense	never did	after they were done shopping	1
going grocery shopping	1	Would they go again?	commonsense	in a few days	no they rarely visit here	0
going grocery shopping	2	Did they ask for help finding anything at the grocery store?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
going grocery shopping	3	When did they pay?	commonsense	While they were getting the milk	at the end	1
going grocery shopping	4	What did they buy?	text	just food	food, clothes and household items	1
making soup	0	Why was the soup served in a bowl?	commonsense	it's liquid	They didn't use a bowl.	0
making soup	1	Where was the soup made?	text	On the campfire.	kitchen	1
making soup	2	Did they cut up ingredients beforehand?	commonsense	no ingredients used	yes, garlic, ginger	0
making soup	3	Was the soup a microwave soup?	commonsense	yes	no	1
making soup	4	Why was the soup made?	text	They were hungry	The cat was hungry.	0
making soup	5	How long did it take to prepare the soup?	commonsense	Hours	not long, maybe 8 - 10 min total	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	How long did it take to heat the food?	commonsense	a few minutes	a few hours	0
heating food on kitchen gas	1	What appliance is being used?	text	None	gas stove	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Why was there gas involved?	text	there is no gas	it is a gas-powered stove	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Was the food being made for a pet?	text	no family	yes dog	0
doing laundry	0	Why did they need to do laundry?	commonsense	their clothes were clean	their clothes were dirty and they didn't want to smell	1
calling 911	0	Why did they have to call 911?	text	The car was on fire	They were worried of any danger the driver might cause, but were too scared to intervene	1
calling 911	1	Why did they call?	text	Someone was swerving on the road	They were scared.	0
calling 911	2	Where were they when they called?	text	In the car on a highway.	In Kansas	0
calling 911	3	Did the police come?	text	no they did not	Yes they came quickly	1
calling 911	4	Did the caller get an indication that assistance was on the way?	text	No.	yes	1
taking a bath	0	Did they take a bath because they were dirty?	commonsense	For pleasure	somewhat	1
taking a bath	1	How did they make the bath water?	text	lukewarm	Scalding hot	0
taking a bath	2	Did they enjoy the bath?	commonsense	did not enjoy	yes	1
taking a bath	3	Did they do anything in the bath, such as read?	text	They sang	Read a book	0
taking a bath	4	Was the water hot?	text	Yes, it was scalding	not too hot	1
taking a bath	5	Why did they take a bath?	commonsense	For pleasure	Out of habit	1
taking a bath	6	Who was in the bath?	text	The speaker	the dog	0
taking a bath	7	When did they take a bath?	text	every night	In the morning	1
washing dishes	0	What did they use to dry the dishes?	commonsense	She wiped them dish cloth.	She let it air dry.	1
washing dishes	1	Why were they washing the dishes?	text	it was that day of the week	Cleanliness	1
washing dishes	2	How many people washed the dishes?	commonsense	Two people	One person.	1
washing dishes	3	Did one person wash them or more?	text	One person.	more	0
washing dishes	4	When did they start washing?	text	Before dinner	after the meal	1
washing dishes	5	Did they put all of the dishes away when they finished washing them?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing dishes	6	what do they do after they put soap on the dishes	text	She rinsed away the soap immediately.	She scrubbed the dishes thoroughly.	1
washing dishes	7	Did they wash the dishes in the kitchen?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing dishes	8	was everything cleaned good?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	9	Were there pots and pans that needed washed?	text	no	yes	1
washing dishes	10	What did they do after washing the dishes?	text	He/She either put them in the dishwasher or if washed by hand, the dishes were put on a rack.	they dried them	0
washing dishes	11	Did anyone help?	commonsense	yes	No one.	1
making scrambled eggs	0	Why were they cooking eggs?	text	They were hungry in the morning	They cooked them to dye later.	0
making scrambled eggs	1	What ingredients did they use to make the scrambled eggs?	text	They just used eggs.	They used eggs, milk, and flour.	0
making scrambled eggs	2	What room were the scrambled eggs cooked in?	commonsense	In the kitchen.	bathroom	0
making scrambled eggs	3	What was added to the eggs before cooking them?	text	Salt, pepper, and milk.	Nothing was added to the eggs/	1
making scrambled eggs	4	How many do they scramble at a time?	text	four	eight	0
making scrambled eggs	5	How long did it take them to cook the scrambled eggs?	text	It only took a few minutes.	a few hours	0
making scrambled eggs	6	What color were the egg yolks?	commonsense	The yolks were yellow.	green	0
making scrambled eggs	7	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	after they were mixed	as soon as they were cracked	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	When did they change the batteries?	text	when the alarm clock rang	When the batteries died	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	What type of tools did they use?	text	screwdriver	A hammer	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	What room was the alarm clock in?	commonsense	The kitchen	Assuming the bedroom	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	when did the alarm clock stop?	text	When the batteries died	when they put new batteries in	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	Did the clock work again?	text	No	Yes	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	Why did they change the batteries?	text	they bought a new kind of batteries	The batteries died	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	6	Why did they throw away the old batteries?	commonsense	they didn't like the color of the old batteries	They no longer work	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	7	Did they put the lid back on the alarm clock?	text	No, it was lost	yes	1
making a camping trip	0	how many camping sites are they going to?	text	6	just one	1
making a camping trip	1	Who went camping?	text	they and their family	they and their friends	1
making a camping trip	2	Where did they go on the trip?	text	a forest	a campsite	1
making a camping trip	3	Did they to take hunting materials?	text	no	yes wolf hunting material	0
making a camping trip	4	Have they camped before?	commonsense	Yes	this is first time	0
shopping online	0	did they use any coupons?	commonsense	Yes, they clipped coupons.	No, they price checked on other sites.	1
shopping online	1	Why did they order it?	text	Pretty and needed it for an occasion	The dress was on clearance	0
shopping online	2	Who was it delivered to?	text	Next door neighbor	Author	1
shopping online	3	How many items did they put in their shopping cart?	text	One	5	0
shopping online	4	What method of payment did they use for the order?	text	Their credit card.	Cash	0
shopping online	5	Did they use any coupon codes?	commonsense	Yes, they had a coupon code.	No, they price checked other sites.	1
making soup	0	How long did they simmer the ingredients in the soup?	text	A few hours	all day	0
making soup	1	did they make them at home?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making soup	2	Where was the soup made?	commonsense	Kitchen	In the restaurant	0
making soup	3	Did they make the soup on the stove top?	text	No	Yes	0
making soup	4	How many people worked together to make the soup?	text	Three	One	1
making soup	5	Did they follow a recipe?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a photograph	0	Were they a professional photographer?	text	yes	no newbie	1
taking a photograph	1	Where did they take the photograph at?	text	they neighbor's backyard	their neighbor's front yard	1
taking a photograph	2	Were there any props in these photos?	text	yes proof for their theft	no	1
taking a photograph	3	How many people were in the photos?	text	five	none	1
taking a photograph	4	Were people posing for the picture?	text	yes, his girlfriend	no	1
taking a photograph	5	How did they get to the location?	text	Riding a bike	they walked	1
taking a photograph	6	Where was the picture taken?	text	Neighbor's garden	Garden park	0
taking a photograph	7	Was there a special event happening?	text	yes	no	1
taking a photograph	8	Who took the picture?	text	the neighbor	they did	1
answering the phone	0	How long was the phone call?	text	over an hour	Ten minutes.	0
answering the phone	1	Why were they happy after the call?	text	the father was doing well	they enjoyed their talk	1
answering the phone	2	Who called them?	text	Their father	Their mother	1
answering the phone	3	How long did they talk to them?	text	For over an hour.	About 5 minutes.	0
answering the phone	4	Where was the phone located?	commonsense	In the other room.	Next to them.	1
answering the phone	5	Who phoned them?	text	The father.	their mother	1
answering the phone	6	Did anyone else talk on the phone?	text	Yes, their brother.	No, just their mom.	1
answering the phone	7	Was it a personal call, or a business call?	text	Personal call	Business call.	0
making a bed	0	When did they make the bed?	text	after they dress	in the evening	0
making a bed	1	How long did it take to make the bed?	commonsense	not long	all day	0
making a bed	2	Did it take more than one person to make the bed?	text	Yes it did.	No it did not.	1
making a bed	3	Where is the bed?	commonsense	Probably in their bedroom.	In the kitchen.	0
making a bed	4	Who made the bed?	text	The narrator.	The narrator's friend	0
making a bed	5	How long did they spend making the bed?	commonsense	not long	all day	0
making a bed	6	How long did it take them to make the bed?	commonsense	not long	all day	0
driving a car	0	Why were they driving?	text	To pick up a package at the post office	To visit friends	0
driving a car	1	Was someone with them in the car?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
driving a car	2	Did the driver wear a seatbelt?	text	She did not.	Yes	1
driving a car	3	Did they drive the car to school?	text	Yes	No, they drove to the post office.	1
feeding an infant	0	How can you tell when it's time to feed the infant?	commonsense	They will cry	when the baby is quiet	0
feeding an infant	1	do they get a bottle or actual food?	text	regular food	A non BPA bottle	1
feeding an infant	2	Whose baby are they feeding?	text	the neighbor's baby	their own son	1
feeding an infant	3	What type of food did they feed the infant?	text	a jar of baby food	baby formula	1
feeding an infant	4	Why did they tap the baby's back?	text	to put him to sleep	burp the baby	1
putting up a painting	0	How many paintings were being hung up?	text	one	four	0
putting up a painting	1	Where did they get the painting from?	text	it was a gift	As a Christmas gift.	0
putting up a painting	2	Who put up the painting?	text	She hired someone.	the narrator	1
putting up a painting	3	When did they receive the painting?	text	For Christmas.	on their birthday	1
putting up a painting	4	How many people put up the painting?	text	one	2	0
cleaning up toys	0	In which room did they clean up their toys?	text	Playroom	.Bedroom.	0
cleaning up toys	1	Were the toys for a young child?	commonsense	Yes	No, for closeted gay Republicans	0
cleaning up toys	2	Where did they put the toys away?	text	Shelves Bins, and drawers.	In the basement	0
cleaning up toys	3	Where did they put the picked up toys?	text	In its place, The bookshelf, Bins, or organizer	In another room	0
cleaning up toys	4	Where did they put the toys that they did not put on their shelves?	text	Into drawers	Bags.	0
cleaning up toys	5	Was the person who picked up the toys the same person who left them out?	text	Yes	No, the parent picked them up	1
cleaning up toys	6	How many people were cleaning the flat?	text	Just the mom	A National Guard platoon	0
cleaning up toys	7	Were there shelves to store the toys?	text	No, only boxes	Yes with bins	1
cleaning up toys	8	Where did the toys belong?	text	In a particular bin/drawer	In the living room	0
doing laundry	0	Where was the laundry taken to be washed?	text	The pantry/machine	The basement	0
doing laundry	1	Who went to the laundry?	commonsense	Daughters.	Author/parent	1
doing laundry	2	How long did it take to wash and dry their laundry?	commonsense	it took more than three hours	A couple of hours	1
doing laundry	3	Did they use the dryer?	text	Yes they did	No they did not	0
doing laundry	4	What did they wash?	text	Clothes	rugs	0
making a bonfire	0	When did they begin to build the bonfire?	text	Hours before the sun was setting.	sunset	1
making a bonfire	1	how long did it take to gather the wood	commonsense	a few minutes	a few hours	0
making a bonfire	2	who lit the fire	text	narrator and jack	A stranger came by and lit it for them.	0
making a bonfire	3	How long did the fire take to start?	commonsense	not long	Hours	0
making a bonfire	4	Could people see the bonfire from far away?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making a bonfire	5	Had they ever built a bonfire before this one?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making a bonfire	6	When did they start the fire?	text	Sometime around the time that the sun was setting.	in the morning	0
making a bonfire	7	What kind of wood did they use to build the bonfire?	text	fire log and kindling	hardwood	0
making a bonfire	8	Why did they build a bonfire?	text	It was too cold, so they had to build it to stay warm.	They were on a camping trip and wanted to build one.	1
making a bonfire	9	Who started the bonfire?	text	narrator and jack	Jack did.	0
making a bonfire	10	How long did it take to get the fire going?	commonsense	all night	not long	1
making breakfast	0	Who made the breakfast?	text	dad	the speaker	1
making breakfast	1	Did they cook breakfast because they were hungry or for some other reason?	commonsense	for dinner	Hungry.	1
making breakfast	2	Who were they cooking breakfast for?	text	themselves	the family	0
making breakfast	3	In what room did they make the breakfast?	commonsense	bathroom	Kitchen	1
making breakfast	4	Who all ate the breakfast?	text	The family.	speaker	1
making breakfast	5	Why did making the breakfast take as long as it did?	commonsense	Just the time it takes to cook properly	it had a lot of ingredients	0
going dancing	0	When did they go dancing?	text	Tuesday Night	Friday night.	1
going dancing	1	What were people wearing?	text	Business clothes.	Fun party clothes	1
going dancing	2	When did they leave the house?	text	After they got ready and put on fun party clothes.	Wednesday night.	0
going dancing	3	Where were they dancing?	text	At the club	on the table	0
going dancing	4	Did they enjoy the dancing?	text	Yes	No	0
going dancing	5	Who did they go dancing with?	text	Their friends	their family	0
going dancing	6	Where did they go dancing?	text	In the street.	The club	1
going dancing	7	Who went dancing?	text	A group of co-workers	Them and their friends	1
going to a shopping centre	0	Who paid for the purchases?	text	each paid their own	Shelly	0
going to a shopping centre	1	Were they ever bored while looking around?	commonsense	yes	no	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Were they shopping for school supplies?	text	no	yes	0
going to a shopping centre	3	What did they buy?	text	Books	Clothing	1
going to a shopping centre	4	Which kind of clothes did they buy?	text	work clothes	clothes for dancing	0
going to a shopping centre	5	How did they get there?	text	took a bus	by car	1
going to a shopping centre	6	Were they pleased with their trip?	commonsense	yes	no	0
going to a shopping centre	7	For what occasion were they shopping for?	text	a wedding	needed clothes for work	1
going to the sauna	0	did their visit go well or horrible?	text	it went well	horrible	0
going to the sauna	1	Did they bring their own towel?	text	Yes, they did.	No, they got them from the front desk.	1
going to the sauna	2	Who went to the sauna?	text	his friend	the author	1
sewing a button	0	What did they do after sewing the button?	text	tightened the button to the shirt	Gave the shirt to grandfather	1
sewing a button	1	How does the button stay on?	text	with thread	with glue	0
sewing a button	2	Was anyone else there?	text	mom	grandfather	1
sewing a button	3	Why did they need to sew the button?	text	it broke in half	to fix her grandpa's shirt	1
sewing a button	4	Were they sewing the button for themselves?	text	Yes	no, her grandpa	1
sewing a button	5	What clothes item did they sew the button on?	text	pants	button down shirt	1
sewing a button	6	What color was the button?	text	white	blue	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	How many days do they have to take the medicine?	text	Four teaspoons the first day and three teaspoons daily for the next 10 days.	Two teaspoons on the first day, and then one teaspoon daily for 5 days.	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	Why did they give them medicine?	text	Bell had hay fever.	Belle had the flu.	1
giving a medicine to someone	2	How did it taste?	text	Like grape	Like strawberry.	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	How does someone take medicine?	text	with a needle	with a measuring cup or spoon	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	When did they give the medicine?	text	When the girl was getting worse	when they got home.	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Was somebody sick?	text	no	Yes, 10 year old Belle	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	Who took the medicine?	text	Their daughter, Belle.	Daisy	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	How did they administer the medicine to them?	text	They took two pills.	by teaspoon	1
giving a medicine to someone	8	Does the medicine taste terrible?	text	yes	No, like strawberries	1
putting up a painting	0	what kind of art is it?	text	Sculpture	Gorgeous painting	1
putting up a painting	1	Where did they put the painting?	text	Living room wall	Garage	0
putting up a painting	2	Were they pleased with this painting?	text	yes	no	0
putting up a painting	3	What room are they going to put it in?	text	his bedroom	Living room	1
putting up a painting	4	Who helped hang the painting?	text	his wife	nobody	1
putting up a painting	5	How long will it take them to put up the painting?	commonsense	An hour.	Within a few minutes.	1
putting up a painting	6	Was the painting placed in a house?	text	No, in a hotel.	yes	1
preparing a picnic	0	Are they going with friends?	text	No, only the parent carried the basket and the children carried the blanket, then went to the park.	Yes	0
preparing a picnic	1	Did they pack a blanket for the picnic?	text	yes	No.	0
preparing a picnic	2	Did they stay at the picnic for a long time?	commonsense	no	yes for over an hour	1
preparing a picnic	3	What time of day is it?	commonsense	Afternoon.	Nighttime.	0
preparing a picnic	4	did anything bother them?	commonsense	Yes, big large fire ants bit their legs.	No.	1
preparing a picnic	5	How many people went on the picnic?	commonsense	Four people.	10 people.	0
preparing a picnic	6	Where did they eat the picnic?	text	In their back yard.	They entered the park and found a nice spot under a big tree, which gave good shade from the sun.	1
preparing a picnic	7	Did they take one or two vehicles?	text	No, they walked.	Yes, they took two vehicles.	0
preparing a picnic	8	Did they pack drinks?	text	no	Yes	1
preparing a picnic	9	What was the weather like?	commonsense	It was sunny.	It was raining.	0
making toasted bread	0	How long did it take for the bread to cool off?	text	One minute	a few minutes	1
making toasted bread	1	How long did toasting take?	text	Five minutes	About three minutes.	1
making toasted bread	2	Do they eat toast everyday?	commonsense	yes, for every meal	No they do not.	1
making toasted bread	3	Was the bread spoiled?	commonsense	Yes it was.	No it was not.	1
making toasted bread	4	Did they use a toaster or toaster oven or another means?	text	toaster	Toaster oven	1
making toasted bread	5	Did they eat the toast?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	0
making toasted bread	6	who could have toasted bread?	text	the author	the dad	0
making toasted bread	7	How long did the toaster take?	text	More than ten minutes.	About three minutes.	1
making toasted bread	8	What did they put the toast on?	commonsense	the floor	a plate	1
making toasted bread	9	Was this a part of breakfast?	text	No it was not.	Yes it was.	0
making toasted bread	10	Do you need to clean the toaster when you are done?	commonsense	Yes you do.	No you do not.	0
wrapping a gift	0	Where did they wrap the gift at?	text	work	home	1
wrapping a gift	1	What time of the year is it?	text	Thanksgiving	holidays, Christmas	1
wrapping a gift	2	Who wrapped the gift?	text	The narrator	mom	0
wrapping a gift	3	Why did they wrap it?	text	for a Christmas gift	Someone's birthday	0
wrapping a gift	4	what is the gift for?	text	Christmas	weddings	0
wrapping a gift	5	What did materials did they use to wrap the present?	commonsense	Wrapping Paper	Rice paper	0
wrapping a gift	6	How did they wrap the gift?	text	Folded over sides and then top	Folded over the top and then sides	1
visiting a museum	0	Did they go to the museum with anyone ?	text	No they went alone.	Yes they went with their family.	1
visiting a museum	1	How much did they like their visit to the museum?	text	They did not like the visit to the museum.	very much	1
visiting a museum	2	How did they get to museum?	commonsense	They drove a car.	They took a bus.	0
visiting a museum	3	how did they get tickets to the Museum?	text	Free	Purchased	1
cleaning the floor	0	Why are they cleaning?	text	To clean a spill.	To remove mud and dirt	1
cleaning the floor	1	When did they start cleaning?	text	After making a mess	After breakfast	0
cleaning the floor	2	Did they have to break it into two or more tasks such as sweeping and mopping?	text	No they went right to mopping	Yes	1
cleaning the floor	3	How did the floors look after they were done?	text	Very clean	Still dirty	0
cleaning the floor	4	Why did they have to clean the floor?	text	It was overdue.	They tracked mud in from the park	1
cleaning the floor	5	Did they use soap in the mop water?	text	No.	Yes	1
cleaning the floor	6	Who is cleaning?	text	The mom.	The narrator.	1
cleaning the floor	7	Did they put the broom, mop and soap away?	text	Yes	No.	0
visiting the beach	1	What was the temperature?	commonsense	Hot	Cold	0
visiting the beach	3	When did they go to the beach?	text	Yesterday afternoon.	Today	0
going to the dentist	0	Do they like visiting the dentist?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
going to the dentist	1	Did they have any cavities?	text	Yes, 1	No	0
going to the dentist	2	What was the reason for the visit?	text	Their teeth hurt	cleaning	0
going to the dentist	3	What did they get done	text	X-ray and cavity filled	a root canal	0
going to the dentist	4	Why did they get x-rays taken?	text	Because her tooth was hurting	she needed a cleaning	0
going to the dentist	5	What was the best part of the visit?	commonsense	when the dentist finished	the x-ray	0
going to the dentist	6	How much was the bill at the dentist	text	Reasonable amount	very high	0
going to the dentist	7	How long did the visit last?	commonsense	all day	not a long time	1
going to the dentist	8	What time was the appointment?	text	the next day	they didn't have an appointment, they were being squeezed in	1
calling 911	0	Was the 911 operator helpful?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
calling 911	1	Did they give the 911 operator their address?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
calling 911	2	Was anyone injured?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
calling 911	3	Was someone seriously hurt?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
calling 911	4	Was someone the victim of a crime?	text	No	Yes	1
calling 911	5	Why did they call 911?	text	The neighbor's house was on fire	They heard a scream	1
calling 911	6	Why were they calling 911?	text	Because there had been an accident	Because a burglary was taking place	1
feeding a cat	0	Why was the cat happy?	text	because it caught a mouse	because it was fed	1
feeding a cat	1	How long did it take for the cat to come to get lunch ?	commonsense	a day	not long	1
feeding a cat	2	Did anyone help them feed the cat ?	text	No it was one person	yes another person	0
feeding a cat	3	Why did the cat meow?	text	it was sad	Because it wanted to be fed	1
feeding a cat	4	How eager was the cat to eat the food?	commonsense	very eager	not eager	0
feeding a cat	5	How large was the portion of cat food?	text	the entire bag	one scoop measured	1
feeding a cat	6	How many cats were there?	text	one cat	two cats	0
feeding a cat	7	Was it wet food or dry food?	commonsense	wet food	dry food because it was scooped and stored in a cabinet	1
answering the doorbell	0	Why did they ring the doorbell?	text	someone was playing a joke	to deliver package	1
answering the doorbell	1	How long will they talk to the visitor?	commonsense	10 minutes	Short time	1
answering the doorbell	2	Who answered the door?	text	John	Mary	0
answering the doorbell	3	Who was at the front door?	text	delivery man	Grandfather	0
answering the doorbell	4	How did they come here, by car?	commonsense	yes	bus	0
answering the doorbell	5	What did they do after answering the door?	text	take the package from the delivery man.	he got distracted	0
answering the doorbell	6	Who rung the doorbell?	text	Neighbor	delivery man	1
answering the doorbell	7	How long did they ring the doorbell?	commonsense	4 times	not long	1
answering the doorbell	8	How many people were at the door?	text	one	five	0
answering the doorbell	9	Will the visitor be allowed in the house?	commonsense	Yes	no	1
answering the doorbell	10	How many times did they ring the doorbell?	commonsense	3 times	not many	1
answering the doorbell	11	Why did they come to our house?	text	just because they wanted to say hello	to deliver a package	1
making a hot dog	0	Who did they share the hot dog with?	text	Friend.	No one.	1
making a hot dog	1	Where are they cooking them?	text	in the kitchen	in the livingroom	0
making a hot dog	2	Where did they eat the hot dog?	commonsense	Kitchen.	on the patio	0
making a hot dog	3	Did they add anything special to the hot dog?	text	No, they ate it plain.	Yes, condiments.	1
making a hot dog	4	When did they take the hot dogs out of the fridge?	commonsense	before starting the task	The night before making it.	0
making a hot dog	5	How did they make the hot dog?	text	Made it in the microwave.	they boiled it	1
making a hot dog	6	When did they finish making the hot dog?	text	It took about fifteen minutes.	in 30 minutes	0
making a hot dog	7	When was the hot dog made?	text	at lunch time	For dinner.	0
making a hot dog	8	Did they share their hot dogs with anyone else?	text	no	yes	0
making a hot dog	9	What condiments were available to put on the hot dog?	text	ketchup, pickles, cheese	ketchup, onions, and mustard	1
cleaning the floor	0	Which floor are they cleaning?	text	bathroom	Their kitchen floor.	1
cleaning the floor	1	what day did they clean?	text	Friday	Sunday	0
cleaning the floor	2	Why did they use a broom?	text	to mop with	To sweep up big chunks	1
cleaning the floor	3	Who was cleaning?	commonsense	The maid	The Author	1
cleaning the floor	4	Why did they need to clean the floor?	commonsense	The person was bored.	Because it was dirty.	1
cleaning the floor	5	What kind of floor were they cleaning?	text	linoleum.	carpet.	0
cleaning the floor	6	Did they sweep before or after mopping?	text	Before mopping.	After mopping.	0
cleaning the floor	7	what are they using to clean the floor?	text	A broom and mop	A vacuum.	0
cleaning the floor	8	Why did they start by sweeping?	text	To remove the debris before mopping.	It was easier	0
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Did they condition their hair after washing it?	commonsense	no	yes	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Did they dry their hair after washing it?	text	no	yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	How many people did they interact with?	commonsense	0	13	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Did they use any products, or just water?	text	no just water	they used shampoo	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Where are they washing their hair?	text	tub	basin	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Did they have the adequate necessities to wash their hair?	text	no	yes	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Who drank the juice?	text	They did	The cat	0
making fresh orange juice	1	What tools were involved in the process?	text	Knife and a juicer	no tools they did it by hand	0
making fresh orange juice	2	Did they use a juicer?	text	yes	no	0
making fresh orange juice	3	Who was making the juice?	text	Their children	They were	1
making fresh orange juice	4	Where did they get the oranges?	text	Farmer's market	the grocery store	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Who drank the orange juice?	text	Hotel guests	They did	1
making fresh orange juice	6	Where did they make the juice?	commonsense	outside	the kitchen	1
making fresh orange juice	7	Where were they making it?	commonsense	Outdoors	their kitchen	1
boiling milk	0	Who was boiling milk?	commonsense	The person making hot cocoa	The bus driver	0
boiling milk	1	Why did they have to turn the burner down?	text	so the milk wouldn't curdle.	So it will not cut fire	0
boiling milk	2	How long did it boil for?	commonsense	1 hr	few minutes	1
boiling milk	3	When did they add the cocoa powder?	commonsense	before they boiled the milk	after they boiled the milk	1
boiling milk	4	Does the boiling of the milk make a sound?	commonsense	no	yes	1
boiling milk	5	Who boiled the milk?	commonsense	the fridge	the person telling the story	1
boiling milk	6	What happened to the milk?	text	it was boiled	it fell on the floor	0
boiling milk	7	Who wanted to boil milk?	commonsense	a friend	the person who wrote this	1
boiling milk	8	Where did they get the milk from?	text	fridge	inside the cabinet	0
boiling milk	9	What container was used for boiling?	text	a pan	a bowl	0
boiling milk	10	Where did they boil it?	commonsense	fridge	The kitchen.	1
boiling milk	11	Why do they boil milk?	text	To make hot cocoa	to make hot milk	0
boiling milk	12	Where is the boiling pot?	commonsense	Kitchen	in the fridge	0
flying in a plane	0	How long was the plane ride?	text	a few hours	one hour	0
flying in a plane	1	Did they order any food or snacks during the flight?	text	no	yes, peanuts	0
cleaning the shower	0	How did they feel about cleaning the shower?	text	They didn't like it at all.	They were happy	1
cleaning the shower	1	How did the bathroom smell after they cleaned the shower?	commonsense	Really bad.	Nice and fresh.	1
cleaning the shower	2	How many minutes did they let the cleaning agent soak?	commonsense	For more than an hour.	They wiped it off straight away	1
cleaning the shower	3	was it hard to clean?	text	No.	Yes	1
cleaning the shower	4	How did they clean the shower head?	commonsense	They took the head off and soaked it	They sprayed it with the cleaner and wiped it with the sponge.	1
cleaning the shower	5	Why did they spray so much of the cleaner?	commonsense	It was a big shower.	They felt the shower was extremely dirty.	1
cleaning the shower	6	How long did it take to clean the shower?	commonsense	More than an hour.	About fifteen minutes.	1
cleaning the shower	7	Whose shower are they cleaning?	commonsense	Their own shower	The neighbor's shower	0
cleaning the shower	8	What did they clean the shower with?	text	Rags and water	Soap and a sponge	1
cooking fish	0	Did they cook the fish too long so that it burned?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
cooking fish	1	Did they put any seasonings on the fish?	text	Yes.	canola oil	0
cooking fish	2	How did they season the fish?	text	They used mayo cheese and cornmeal	Garlic.	0
cooking fish	3	how was the fish cooked?	text	fried	The fish was baked	0
cooking fish	4	How long did it take to cook the fish?	commonsense	5 minutes	7 minutes on one side then browned on the other side	1
cooking fish	5	Why did they want to eat the fish?	commonsense	it tastes good	fish was thawed	0
cooking fish	6	why were they cooking fish?	text	They were not cooking fish.	To eat the fish for dinner.	1
wrapping a gift	0	What is the reason for the present?	text	It was father's day.	It was Christmas.	0
wrapping a gift	1	Was the gift in a box?	text	No.	Yes	1
wrapping a gift	2	Did they have fun wrapping it?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
wrapping a gift	3	What did they use to cut the wrapping?	commonsense	most people use scissors.	A butcher's knife.	0
wrapping a gift	4	Why did they put a bow on it?	commonsense	Most people put bows on to make it look nicer.	To hide a tear in the paper	0
wrapping a gift	5	How are they wrapping the present?	text	In a gift bag	Into a neat package.	1
wrapping a gift	6	Why was the gift being wrapped?	text	To keep bugs off of it.	So it would look nicer.	1
wrapping a gift	7	do they think the wrapping is pretty?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
wrapping a gift	8	What time of the year is it?	commonsense	Winter	June	1
wrapping a gift	9	Was the gift for a holiday?	text	Yes. Father's Day	No.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Where were they heating the food?	text	In the microwave.	The kitchen	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	how did they heat the food?	text	In the Microwave	on the stovetop	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Why did they make this?	text	They were hungry when they woke up	Their sister was hungry.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	What type of food were they cooking?	text	Breakfast	Eggs and bacon.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Who cooked the food?	text	The narrator's sister.	The narrator.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	were they in a kitchen?	text	Yes, they cooked it in the kitchen.	No, they went to a restaurant.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	6	Who was doing the cooking?	text	The narrator.	their brother	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	How many minutes should this take?	commonsense	10	90	0
heating food on kitchen gas	8	Where was the food being made?	text	Their kitchen	the basement	0
heating food on kitchen gas	9	How long did it take to heat the food?	commonsense	Over 3 hours.	A few minutes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	10	What kind of food did they heat?	text	bacon	Eggs and Beans	1
getting the newspaper	0	Did their paper get wet running out into the rain?	text	No it was not raining	yes the paper was wet	0
writing a letter	0	Did they use pen or pencil to write the letter?	text	A pencil	A pen with black ink.	1
writing a letter	1	What is the subject of the letter?	text	About Christmas	What they have been doing lately.	1
writing a letter	2	Who were they writing the letter to?	text	their mother	Their best friend.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	What did they use to heat the food?	text	Gas stove.	Electric stove.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	did they sit down to eat?	text	No.	yes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Were they at home or somewhere else?	text	Restaurant.	Home.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Were they hungry?	commonsense	Not really.	yes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	How do you turn the gas off?	text	with the knob	you don't	0
heating food on kitchen gas	6	Is this a residential kitchen?	text	yes	No.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	was the food in a pan?	text	yes	Pot.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	8	what kind of food was it?	text	pork chops and applesauce	Fried apples and pork.	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Why were they happy when they finished vacuuming the room?	text	It didn't take long	Because everything was clean.	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	What did they do after they were finished vacuuming?	text	Vacuumed again	Put the vacuum away	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	What was the first thing they did?	text	Vacuumed the floor	Remove the big things.	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Did the carpet look dirty before they started?	text	No.	Yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	Why did the carpet need vacuuming?	text	It was dirty	It was clean	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Where did they order their food?	text	Burger King	McDonalds	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where did they put there trays?	commonsense	On the table	On the floor	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Why did they choose this restaurant?	text	They had a coupon to go to that restaurant	They craved it.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	What did that person ate?	text	A Happy meal	Big Mac meal with fries and a coke	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	Did they eat early or late?	commonsense	Late	Early	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Does that person like eating at that fast food restaurant?	text	Yes	No	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	6	Why did that person eat at that fast food restaurant?	text	It was fast.	He craved fast food.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	7	What is the name of the restaurant?	text	McDonalds	Burger King	0
making breakfast	0	Where did they cook breakfast?	text	in the living room	Kitchen	1
making breakfast	1	How big was the breakfast?	commonsense	not big	it was a large breakfast	0
making breakfast	2	How many dishes did they prepare for the breakfast?	text	two	one	1
making breakfast	3	In what room did they make the breakfast?	text	bathroom	kitchen	1
making breakfast	4	Who ate breakfast?	text	they	Grandmother	0
making breakfast	5	Who helped them cook?	text	no one	Their mom helped.	0
mowing the lawn	0	When did they get started mowing the lawn?	commonsense	When it stopped raining.	during the day	1
mowing the lawn	1	How did they mow the lawn?	text	with scissors	They used mower.	1
mowing the lawn	2	Did they sweat?	commonsense	No since it was cold outside.	Yes since it was a hot day outside.	1
mowing the lawn	3	When will they have to do it again?	commonsense	Never. Once it's cut, it will never grow back.	Once the lawn regrows	1
mowing the lawn	4	Does the grass have to be mowed?	commonsense	Yes since the the height of the grass was long	No, they mowed the lawn because they were board	0
ironing laundry	0	How long does it take for the iron to get hot?	commonsense	a week	it heats up quickly	1
ironing laundry	1	Where did they put the clothes that were ironed?	commonsense	they wore them	they put them in the closet	0
ironing laundry	2	how many articles of clothing did they iron?	text	25	just one	1
ironing laundry	3	Can they sit down and still iron?	commonsense	yes	no	0
ironing laundry	4	Do they iron everyday or once a week?	text	Yes, everyday	neither	1
ironing laundry	5	Did the iron get very hot?	text	no	yes	1
ironing laundry	6	How long did it take to iron?	text	a few hours	couple minutes	1
ironing laundry	7	did they have a hard time ironing?	commonsense	yes	no	1
washing clothes	0	How did they wash the clothes?	text	in the sink	washing machine	1
washing clothes	1	Why did they separate light clothes from dark clothes?	commonsense	To keep from fading.	for fun	0
washing clothes	2	Who was doing the washing?	text	dad	the narrator	1
washing clothes	3	Why do they sort the clothes first?	commonsense	So the colors won't run	they weren't sure how to wash clothes	0
washing clothes	4	Who will wash the clothes?	text	the narrator	dad	0
washing clothes	5	Who was washing clothes?	text	the narrator	dad	0
washing clothes	6	Where were they doing the washing?	text	at the laundry mat	laundry room at home	1
washing clothes	7	Where were they washing the clothes?	text	Laundry room washing machine	In the garage	0
mailing a letter	0	Why didn't they walk to mail the letter?	text	their leg was hurting	the mailman was at their house	1
mailing a letter	1	did they make sure the letter was sealed?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
boiling milk	0	Were they cooking a recipe?	text	Yes they were.	No they weren't.	0
boiling milk	1	When did the put the milk in the pot?	text	After measuring it.	After turning on the stove.	0
boiling milk	2	Who were they boiling the milk for?	text	Their friend.	The narrator's mother	1
boiling milk	3	Was the milk boiled in a pan or a pot?	text	In a pot.	In a pan.	0
boiling milk	4	Who wanted to boil milk?	text	Her Mom	The narrator	1
boiling milk	5	How did they boil the milk?	text	In a saucepan on the stove.	In the microwave.	0
boiling milk	6	Were they burned at all while preparing the milk?	commonsense	yes, when they poured it out	No they weren't	1
boiling milk	7	Can kids help boil the milk?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
boiling milk	8	Where did they boil the milk?	text	On the stove	in the microwave	0
boiling milk	9	Do they need to stir the milk while it is boiling?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
visiting relatives	0	Would they go again?	commonsense	No, they don't want to go again.	Yes, they like seeing their relatives.	1
visiting relatives	1	How are they related to them?	text	In laws	mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers or cousins	1
visiting relatives	2	Where did they go?	text	To visit their relatives.	To visit their friends.	0
visiting relatives	3	Have they visited the relatives home before this trip?	commonsense	Yes, several times a year	No this is the first time	0
visiting relatives	4	Did they enjoy their time there?	text	Yes, they enjoy their time with them.	No, they do not enjoy it.	0
visiting relatives	5	Did they check out the city while they were there?	commonsense	No, they stay inside.	Sometimes they check out the city.	1
visiting relatives	6	Why did they visit relatives?	text	Because they're forced to	Because they like to see each other.	1
feeding an infant	0	How were they related to the infant?	text	Parent.	his brother	0
feeding an infant	1	who feeds the infant?	text	his mom	The father.	1
feeding an infant	2	Why was the baby crying?	text	it is hungry	It needed to be changed.	0
feeding an infant	3	what is their relationship to the infant?	text	they are his father	his sister	0
paying bills	0	Why did that person pay the bills?	commonsense	To avoid penalties and fees	As a favor to someone else	0
paying bills	1	Are they using a computer to pay their bills?	text	Yes, they are.	No, they are not.	0
paying bills	2	Where are they paying the bills?	text	Online.	At the bank	0
paying bills	3	What will happen if they don't pay them?	commonsense	Notice, late fees, service interruption	nothing	0
paying bills	4	where did the money exchange take place?	commonsense	At the bank	Online.	1
playing a movie	0	What made them watch that movie?	commonsense	friendship	their parents told them they had to	0
playing a movie	1	Did they like the movie?	commonsense	no	It was an exciting new horror film and they were scared by it.	0
playing a movie	2	How many people were watching the movie?	commonsense	Just one.	many	1
playing a movie	3	Where was the movie played?	text	outside at drive in	at the theatre	1
playing a movie	4	Where were they playing the movie?	text	In their home.	old theatre	1
playing a movie	5	Who made the popcorn for the movie?	commonsense	friends	the theatre	1
doing laundry	0	Did they do the laundry with anyone else ?	text	Yes	No	1
doing laundry	1	Were buttons pushed to start the machine?	commonsense	none	Yes	1
doing laundry	2	Why did they do laundry?	text	There were no clean clothes left.	they didn't do laundry	0
doing laundry	3	What time did they start doing laundry?	text	Lunch time	Evening/night	1
doing laundry	4	Why did they go to the laundry?	text	For fun	they didn't go to the laundry they washed in their home	1
doing laundry	5	How many loads of laundry were washed and dried?	commonsense	Two.	He put everything in the wash at once so one. And he didn't dry them as yet.	1
planning a holiday trip	0	How did they arrange their holiday transportation?	text	They drove.	They are flying	0
planning a holiday trip	1	Who is going on the trip?	text	The neighbor	narrator and family	1
planning a holiday trip	2	What attractions are they looking forward to?	text	Grand Canyon, Las Vegas, Mount Rushmore	Zion National Park, Mesa National park,Carls National park and Jefferson National Expansion monument.	1
planning a holiday trip	3	What kind of place is it?	text	a luxury hotel	A vacation place	1
planning a holiday trip	4	What activities is that area known for?	text	biking, surfing and hiking	hiking, biking and canoeing	1
planning a holiday trip	5	When are they going on a trip?	text	Next year	This month.	1
planning a holiday trip	6	Had they planned a trip before?	commonsense	yes	no	0
mailing a letter	0	Did they enclose anything else with the letter?	commonsense	No, they wrote the letter then placed it into the envelope and sealed it.	Yes, they added a few things inside of the envelope.	0
mailing a letter	1	Who was the letter sent to?	text	They sent it to their uncle.	speakers aunt	1
mailing a letter	2	What did they do before they mailed the letter?	text	sealed the envelope	They drove to the post office.	0
feeding an infant	0	How did they make its food?	text	they warmed the milk	froze it	0
feeding an infant	1	How was the infant fed?	text	by spoon	by bottle	1
feeding an infant	2	Who fed the infant?	text	the parent	The 2 year old	0
feeding an infant	3	Did they use a bottle?	text	yes	no	0
feeding an infant	4	How old was the infant?	text	two years old	two days old	1
feeding an infant	5	Who was hungry?	text	the infant	Tom	0
mailing a letter	0	Who is the letter addressed to?	text	Their friend.	Their landlord.	0
mailing a letter	1	Did they put the letter into a mailbox?	text	No, they left it on the counter.	Yes	1
mailing a letter	2	did they make sure the letter was sealed?	text	No, but it will probably be fine.	Yes, very carefully.	1
mailing a letter	3	What did they put the letter inside?	text	An envelope	A box	0
mailing a letter	4	Where were they when they put the letter into the envelope?	text	At the post office.	At home.	0
mailing a letter	5	Who wrote the letter?	text	The narrator.	The narrator's mother	0
answering the doorbell	0	Who answered the doorbell?	text	Homeowner	The delivery man	0
answering the doorbell	1	How were the people who rang the doorbell traveling from home to home?	commonsense	Walking	delivery truck	1
answering the doorbell	2	Who was at the door?	text	Missionaries	UPS person	1
answering the doorbell	3	Did someone answer the door?	text	No	Yes	1
answering the doorbell	4	When did the doorbell go off?	text	Relay in the morning	after work but before dinner time	1
answering the doorbell	5	How long did it take to answer the doorbell?	commonsense	Fifteen minutes	Less than a minute	1
answering the doorbell	6	Did the person come inside after the door was answered?	commonsense	yes	No.	1
answering the doorbell	7	When did they answer the doorbell?	text	After checking the peephole	after three rings of the doorbell	0
answering the doorbell	8	Do you know who rang the doorbell?	text	The UPS delivery man	A salesman	0
answering the doorbell	9	When did they hear the doorbell ring?	text	after work before dinner	in the morning	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Where did they put the plates?	text	The plates go in the cabinet.	They go in the china closet.	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	What happened after they unloaded the washer?	text	They closed the door.	went outside	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	Where was the dishwasher?	commonsense	In their kitchen.	In the living room	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Do they regularly use the dishwasher?	commonsense	No, this was their first time.	Yes, they regularly use the dishwasher.	1
unloading the dishwasher	4	Where did they put the dishes?	text	cabinets	They put them in a drawer.	0
unloading the dishwasher	5	What did they take out first from the dishwasher?	commonsense	the top rack, normally glasses and cups go there	silverware	0
throwing a party	0	Why did the party get thrown?	text	It was their friend's birthday.	For Easter	0
throwing a party	1	Why did they throw a party?	text	For Christmas	It was their friend's birthday.	1
throwing a party	2	Was it an adult party or a children's party?	text	It was a children's party.	It was an adult party.	1
throwing a party	3	What are they celebrating?	text	Their friend's 40th birthday	Halloween	0
feeding the fish	1	What do the fish eat?	text	Bread	Corn	0
feeding the fish	2	What did they do after feeding the fish?	text	they went fishing	they left	1
feeding the fish	3	Do they feed them more than once?	text	No	Yes	1
feeding the fish	4	Was the fish hungry?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
feeding the fish	5	What did they use to feed the fish?	text	fish food	bread	1
feeding the fish	6	What kind of fish were fed?	text	goldfish	koi fish	1
boiling milk	0	What did they use to boil the milk?	text	oven and a pot	Tin bowl	0
boiling milk	1	Why do they boil milk?	text	To make pie.	To make oatmeal.	1
boiling milk	2	When did they boil the milk?	text	yesterday	Last week	1
boiling milk	3	When did they decided to boil it?	text	the week before	when they decided to make oatmeal	1
boiling milk	4	Did it turn any colors?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
wrapping a gift	0	Do they think they were going to receive a gift in return?	commonsense	no	yes	0
wrapping a gift	1	Who was the gift for?	text	their nephew	my niece	0
wrapping a gift	2	Who received the gift?	text	their nephew	His niece	0
wrapping a gift	3	Did they have fun wrapping it?	commonsense	yes	no	0
wrapping a gift	4	What type of wrapping paper was it?	text	birthday	Star Wars	1
wrapping a gift	5	Were they working alone?	commonsense	no one there	yes	1
wrapping a gift	6	who wrapped the gift?	text	their cousin	the narrator	1
wrapping a gift	7	Was it an expensive gift?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
wrapping a gift	8	do they like the gift?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
playing a movie	0	Where did they watch the movie?	text	on the couch	on the bed	0
playing a movie	1	Did they eat popcorn when they played the movie?	text	no	yes	1
playing a movie	2	How did they get the movie to play?	text	on their laptop	Netflix app on TV	1
playing a movie	3	Did they play the whole movie?	text	no	yes	1
playing a movie	4	Who was watching the movie?	text	no one	narrator and his wife	1
playing a movie	5	How did they play the movie?	text	on the computer	on Netflix app on TV	1
playing a movie	6	Did they have snacks while they watched the movie?	text	yes	no	0
playing a movie	7	Did they pause the movie?	commonsense	no	yes	0
doing laundry	0	Where did they do their laundry?	text	In the bathroom.	In the laundry room.	1
doing laundry	1	Did anything interesting happen when they were doing the laundry ?	commonsense	no	yes	0
doing laundry	2	Who did the laundry?	text	The mom.	dad	0
doing laundry	3	Why did they split the laundry up into two loads?	text	There were so many clothes.	it's better to do like colors together so the clothes don't get ruined	1
doing laundry	4	Did they do it at their house?	commonsense	no	yes	1
doing laundry	5	What day did they do the laundry?	text	Sunday	Saturday	1
going to a funeral	0	Where was the funeral held?	text	At the cemetery	at church	0
going to a funeral	1	Whose funeral was it?	text	his mom's	The cousin of the person telling the story	1
going to a funeral	2	Who's funeral is it?	text	The storyteller's mother	The cousin's	1
going to a funeral	3	What did they do at the funeral?	text	said nothing	listened to the priest, shared memories	1
going to a funeral	4	Were there any family there?	text	no	Yes	1
going to a funeral	5	Who were they honoring at the funeral?	text	The Priest	The cousin of the person telling the story	1
going to a funeral	6	Where was the funeral located?	text	funeral home.	At the cemetery	1
answering the doorbell	0	Was the person a relative?	text	Yes	No, he was a stranger.	1
answering the doorbell	1	When did they answer the door?	text	After looking outside.	Before looking outside	0
answering the doorbell	2	When did the doorbell go off?	text	In the middle of the night	Just after they woke up from a nap	1
answering the doorbell	3	Will the guests come to visit again?	commonsense	Yes, he is coming back tomorrow to return her phone.	No, he was a stranger.	1
answering the doorbell	4	Did they look out of the window before the answered the door?	text	Yes, they looked out of the window first.	No, they looked out the peephole.	0
answering the doorbell	5	Did they answer the door right away or look outside first?	text	They looked outside first.	They answered right away	0
answering the doorbell	6	How was the doorbell presses?	commonsense	By the wind	With a finger	1
going to a shopping centre	0	Why did they go shopping?	text	They were bored.	to buy clothes	1
going to a shopping centre	1	What did they buy?	text	nothing	A dress with footwear	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Why did they buy the clothing?	text	it was for work	they needed new clothes	1
going to a shopping centre	3	Why did they go to that center?	text	to buy clothes	It had no clothes stores	0
going to a shopping centre	4	What were they shopping for?	text	furniture	new clothes	1
going to a shopping centre	5	How did they get there?	text	They drove	walked	0
going to a shopping centre	6	What else did they do?	text	nothing	Ate something	1
going to a shopping centre	7	When did they go shopping?	text	today	last week	1
going to a shopping centre	8	Did they buy anybody gifts?	commonsense	Yes, for grandma.	No.	1
making breakfast	0	What time of the day is breakfast eaten?	text	Breakfast was eaten in the morning.	evening	0
making breakfast	1	Did they cook the food in the stove or in the oven?	text	Oven	on the stove	1
making breakfast	2	What kind of drink do they like with breakfast?	text	Hot coffee	Hot tea	1
making breakfast	3	Who prepared the food?	text	his mom	the author	1
making breakfast	4	What kind of utensils were used?	text	spatula, spoon, pan	mixer	0
making breakfast	5	How long did it take to make breakfast?	commonsense	A little while	2 hours	0
making breakfast	6	Was it a special occasion?	commonsense	It was not a special occasion.	Yes	0
making breakfast	7	How long did it take them to cook breakfast?	commonsense	more than 5 minute	Hours	0
making breakfast	8	when did they make breakfast?	text	After the narrator woke up in the morning	Late night	0
making breakfast	9	Why did they make breakfast?	text	it was morning and they were hungry	it was dinner time	0
taking a shower	0	Were they taking their shower at home?	text	No, they showered at the gym.	Yes, they showered at their home.	1
taking a shower	1	How long did it take to get clean?	commonsense	Hours	A few minutes	1
taking a shower	2	Was the water hot or cold?	text	They wanted it lukewarm.	It was very,very,very, hot.	0
taking a shower	3	Why were they showering?	commonsense	they had a date that night	To relax and get clean.	1
taking a shower	4	Wash the shower in a bathtub, or just a shower?	text	Just tub	a bathtub/shower combo	1
taking a shower	5	What time of day was the shower?	commonsense	Before they went to work.	Night	1
taking a shower	6	How clean did they feel afterwards?	commonsense	Not at all	They felt very clean after.	1
taking a shower	7	Where did they take the shower?	text	At the gym	At their home.	1
taking a shower	8	How long did it take to dry off an dress?	commonsense	Hours	15 minutes	1
throwing a party	0	When did the party end?	text	At ten	Around midnight	1
throwing a party	1	Who held the party?	text	The narrator.	Their roommate	0
throwing a party	2	Where did the party take place?	text	In a restaurant.	In their home.	1
throwing a party	3	Did they have fun?	text	yes	No.	0
throwing a party	4	Who was the party for?	text	me	Their roommate	1
throwing a party	5	Who came to the party?	text	Their roommates friends and family	my family	0
throwing a party	6	How did they choose which guests to invite?	text	They invited their family members	she knew who her roommate was close to	1
throwing a party	7	Were was the party held?	text	At a restaurant	her apartment	1
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Why did everyone dress up at the wedding?	commonsense	To be formal	they were told to	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Why was the ceremony happening?	text	Because they were being forced to get married.	To celebrate the wedding	1
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Did they dance at the ceremony?	text	No they didn't.	yes they did dance	1
attending a wedding ceremony	3	Where was the wedding?	text	at a church	At the beach	0
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Who was at the wedding?	text	family and the bride and groom	A lot of strangers.	0
cleaning the table	0	Where was the table?	text	bedroom	dining nook	1
cleaning the table	1	is the table cleaned everyday?	commonsense	no	yes	1
cleaning the table	2	Did they have to clear the table before cleaning it?	text	no	yes	1
cleaning the table	3	How did they clean the dishes?	text	They washed them by hand	Rinsed them and put them in the dishwasher	1
cleaning the table	4	Were dishes on the table?	text	No, there weren't	Yes, there were	1
cleaning the table	5	Where was this dirty table?	text	basement	dining nook	1
cleaning the table	6	do they like the table?	commonsense	No	yes	1
cleaning the table	7	What was on the table?	text	A pizza box	Dirty dishes and napkins	1
working in the garden	0	What tools did they use?	text	Plow and wheelbarrow	Shovel, hoe, and rake	1
working in the garden	1	What did they plant?	text	Petunias	tomatoes	1
working in the garden	2	How did they get ready to put the plants in the ground?	text	cleared space, mixed soil and seed	Watered it	0
working in the garden	3	What did they use to plant the garden?	text	Shovel, hoe, and rake	A tractor and weed wacker	0
making a dinner reservation	0	who reserved the table?	text	The restaurant owner.	The person telling the story	1
making a dinner reservation	1	Was it a fancy restaurant?	text	Yes it was a nice restaurant	Not at all.	0
making a dinner reservation	2	What was said about making the reservation?	text	restaurant likes to have notice	nothing	0
making a shopping list	0	Why did they need a list?	text	to forget	to help remember what to get	1
making a shopping list	2	Why were they going shop?	text	They were out of dog food.	They needed a lot of things.	1
making a shopping list	3	Who wrote the list?	text	no one	the author	1
making a shopping list	4	How long did it take to make the list?	text	almost three days	It took them five minutes to make the list.	0
making coffee	0	How long did it take to make the coffee.	commonsense	About five minutes	30 minutes	0
making coffee	1	Which cups did they serve the coffee in?	text	They served it in mugs.	They used juice glasses.	0
making coffee	2	why was coffee made?	commonsense	Because they like to drink coffee.	They sell it	0
making coffee	3	Are they in their own kitchen?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making coffee	4	How long did it take to drink the coffee?	commonsense	Not long.	A very long time.	0
making coffee	5	What type of container did they pour the coffee into?	text	They poured it into a mug.	They put it in a sports bottle.	0
making coffee	6	Did they add milk or creamer?	text	They added frothed milk.	They used flavored creamer.	0
making coffee	7	Where did they make the coffee?	commonsense	Home	In a store	0
making coffee	8	Did the coffee taste good?	commonsense	No, it was bitter.	enjoyable	1
making coffee	9	What did they add to their coffee?	text	They added hot water.	Dry creamer.	0
making coffee	10	What are they drinking with their breakfast?	text	They had coffee.	water	0
making coffee	11	Did they use coffee beans or ground coffee?	text	They ground the beans in their kitchen.	ground coffee	0
laying flooring in a room	0	were they concentrated on their work?	commonsense	yes, because they made sure the angles were straight and all the pieces fit together	no, they didn't pay attention to their work	0
laying flooring in a room	1	Why did they replace the old floor?	text	it was damaged by water	they are remodeling	1
laying flooring in a room	2	How did they put down the flooring?	text	with a machine	By removing the old and placing new.	1
laying flooring in a room	3	Who laid down the flooring?	text	A handyman	the author	1
laying flooring in a room	4	Where did they buy the flooring?	text	Grocery store	at the hardware store	1
laying flooring in a room	5	Why is the floor torn up?	text	because it was new	they are replacing the floor	1
laying flooring in a room	7	How did they lay flooring?	text	they put the pieces down in sections	All at once.	0
making a shopping list	0	Who was writing the list?	text	a parent	their children	0
making a shopping list	1	When did they start making it?	text	after looking through the kitchen and realizing they need food	before they went to sleep	0
making a shopping list	2	How did they write the list?	text	on their computer	Breakfast, lunch, dinner, personal	1
making a shopping list	3	What did they need to get?	text	groceries	clothes	0
making a shopping list	4	Why are they making a list of items?	text	they aren't making a list	to go grocery shopping	1
making a shopping list	5	Did someone help them make sure?	text	no	yes	0
making a shopping list	6	Did they check sales ads first?	text	no	yes	0
making a shopping list	7	Was it a grocery list?	text	yes	no	0
making a shopping list	8	Why did they write the list?	text	no special reason	they needed things	1
making coffee	0	Where did they make the coffee?	commonsense	At work.	Kitchen	1
making coffee	1	Do they usually drink coffee?	text	yes	No.	0
making coffee	2	Was the color of the coffee dark?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making coffee	3	Did the coffee taste good?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making coffee	4	How much coffee did they make?	text	3 cups	8 cups.	1
making coffee	5	Who drank the coffee?	text	Husband.	the author	1
making coffee	6	How hot was the coffee when they drank it?	commonsense	Hot.	cold	0
mailing a letter	0	Why were they mailing the letter?	text	They wanted to ask their friend how things were going	to send sympathy	0
mailing a letter	1	What did they put the letter inside?	text	a box	an envelope	1
mailing a letter	2	Who wrote the letter?	text	The person telling the story	his friend	0
mailing a letter	3	Why did they write the letter?	text	To send some bad news	They were curious.	1
mailing a letter	4	What did the envelope look like?	commonsense	Square.	a rectangle	1
mailing a letter	5	Did they use a stamp to mail the letter?	text	no - it was free	yes	1
mailing a letter	6	How did they send the letter?	text	By mail.	They put it in the mailbox	0
mailing a letter	7	where did they mail it from?	text	the post office	the mailbox	0
mailing a letter	8	How long did it take to mail the letter?	text	a little while	many hours	0
mailing a letter	9	How did they seal the envelope?	commonsense	with a sponge	licked the seal	1
changing bed sheets	0	Who changed the sheets?	text	Speaker	My friend did	0
changing bed sheets	1	Why did they change the sheets?	text	wanted to try sheet suspenders	it was scheduled	0
changing bed sheets	2	do they have elastics on the ends or not?	text	Yes, the bottom sheet, because it is fitted	No, they are not fitted sheets	0
changing bed sheets	3	When did they take off the old sheets?	commonsense	After they were washed	before washing	1
changing bed sheets	4	How did they tuck in the new sheets?	commonsense	under the mattress	into a storage box	0
making fresh orange juice	0	Was it served hot or cold?	commonsense	hot	The juice was served cold.	1
making fresh orange juice	1	How did they juice the oranges?	text	by hand	They put them through a juicer.	1
making fresh orange juice	2	Where were they making orange juice?	commonsense	Kitchen	Bedroom	0
making fresh orange juice	3	How many oranges did they use?	text	They used ten oranges.	They used twenty oranges.	0
making fresh orange juice	4	Who was making it?	commonsense	Author	Guest	0
making fresh orange juice	5	Were there other people there?	commonsense	No, they were alone.	Yes,their whole family was there.	0
making fresh orange juice	6	How did the orange juice taste?	commonsense	Good	It was gross.	0
mowing the lawn	0	Was it difficult to mow the lawn?	commonsense	Not really.	Yes, it was extremely hard.	0
mowing the lawn	1	How much were they paid?	commonsense	Nothing	Five dollars	0
mowing the lawn	2	What kind of lawn mower did they use?	text	A push mower.	riding lawn mower	0
mowing the lawn	3	Was it a gas mower?	text	No	Yes	1
mowing the lawn	4	When will the grass need to be mowed again?	commonsense	Tomorrow	A few weeks later	1
mowing the lawn	5	Did they sweat?	commonsense	Yes, mowing is hard work.	No.	0
mowing the lawn	6	Did they use any special tools?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
mowing the lawn	7	Does the yard look pretty now?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
taking a shower	0	Did they wait for the water to heat up before they got into it?	text	yes about three minutes	no straight head to shower	0
taking a shower	1	How did the water feel?	commonsense	good	too hot	0
taking a shower	2	Did they use a conditioner on their hair?	text	no	yes	1
taking a shower	3	Where did they take the shower?	text	in the bathroom	in the bedroom	0
taking a shower	4	Why did they need a shower?	text	they take one every day	To clean off grease	0
taking a shower	5	Where did they stand in the shower?	commonsense	next to the toilet	center	1
making a bed	0	Was it part of their chores?	commonsense	no	yes everyday event	1
making a bed	1	Where is the bed?	commonsense	in the kitchen	in the bedroom	1
making a bed	2	Who made the bed?	text	The housekeeper did.	No one made the bed.	1
making a bed	3	Was there a bunk bed?	commonsense	Yes, it is a set of bunk beds.	No, it is not a bunk bed.	1
making a bed	4	Whose bed was being made?	text	No one's bed was made.	The dogs	0
changing a baby diaper	0	Who changed the diaper?	text	a babysitter.	the mom	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Where did it take place?	text	Outside	Playroom.	1
changing a baby diaper	2	What did they use to clean the baby up?	text	the diaper	a baby wipe	1
changing a baby diaper	3	Where did the dirty diaper get put?	text	Diaper bag	in a garbage bag	1
changing a baby diaper	4	Did the baby cry?	text	Yes	No.	1
changing a baby diaper	5	Why did the baby's diaper need to be changed?	text	it was dirty	Diaper was clean	0
changing a baby diaper	6	Where did they change the baby's diaper?	text	on the changing table	On the carpet in the playroom	1
changing a baby diaper	7	Do they have the right size of diaper for the baby?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
changing a baby diaper	8	Where did they change the diaper?	text	Bedroom.	On the carpet, on top of a changing pad	1
changing a baby diaper	9	Why does the diaper need to be changed?	text	it was clean	The parent realized the diaper is dirty.	1
changing a baby diaper	10	Where did they get a clean diaper?	text	from the diaper bag	from the shelf	0
changing a baby diaper	11	How long did it take them to change the baby's diaper?	commonsense	a long time	a couple of minutes	1
cooking pasta	0	Why did they turn off the stove?	text	because it was boiling over	the spaghetti was finished cooking	1
cooking pasta	1	What kind of pasta was it?	text	spaghetti noodles	Rotini	0
cooking pasta	2	How did they cook the pasta?	text	they boiled it in water	in the microwave	0
cooking pasta	3	Did they make spaghetti or rotini?	text	rotini	spaghetti	1
cooking pasta	4	What happened when it finished cooking?	text	They put them in a strainer to get ready to add sauce	they let it sit on the stove	0
cooking pasta	5	What kind of pasta were they making?	text	spaghetti noodles	Rotini	0
cooking pasta	6	Where did they cook the pasta?	commonsense	The pantry.	The kitchen.	1
vacuuming the carpet	0	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	The person who lived there	Maid	0
vacuuming the carpet	1	Where did they empty the filter?	commonsense	In the garbage.	On to the carpet	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	When did they put the vacuum away?	text	Before the stairs were done	When they were finished	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Are they going to vacuum the whole house?	commonsense	not today	yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	Who made the carpet dirty?	commonsense	friend	the family	1
vacuuming the carpet	5	Do they need to vacuum the couch too?	commonsense	No, they did not.	Yes they did.	0
vacuuming the carpet	6	How long did they vacuum the carpet for?	commonsense	all day	few minutes	1
vacuuming the carpet	7	When did they vacuum the carpet?	text	Mondays	On Tuesday.	0
paying bills	0	What were the bills for?	text	Food and clothing	several things	1
paying bills	1	When did they pay one of the bills online?	text	Either on the 15th or the 30th of the month.	On the first of the month.	0
paying bills	2	Are they using a computer to pay their bills?	text	No.	yes	1
paying bills	3	When did they pay the bills?	text	On the 15th and 30th of every month.	On the first of the month.	0
paying bills	4	How hard was it to pay the bills?	commonsense	not hard	very hard	0
paying bills	5	Why did the bills need to be paid on time?	commonsense	to receive an award	to avoid fees	1
paying bills	6	Can they use a computer to pay the bills?	text	No, the bills can only receive paper checks.	Yes, the computer is used t access the company websites.	1
paying bills	7	How did they pay there bills?	text	with cash	Online.	1
paying bills	8	Did they pay any of the bills online?	text	No, they write checks and mail them to all their bills.	yes almost all	1
shopping online	0	Who bought the item?	text	no one	Person telling story.	1
shopping online	1	How did they pay for their purchases?	text	A money order.	With a credit card.	1
shopping online	2	Was it an auction?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
shopping online	3	Why didn't they go to a store?	text	They were snowed in.	So not to drive to different stores.	1
wrapping a gift	0	What time of year is it?	text	summer	winter	1
wrapping a gift	1	Did someone help wrap the gift?	commonsense	no	yes	0
wrapping a gift	2	Were they working alone?	text	Yes	no with family	0
wrapping a gift	3	When were they going to gift they gift to somebody?	text	wedding day	Christmas	1
wrapping a gift	4	Why did they wrap it first?	text	they like giving gifts	to give surprise	1
wrapping a gift	5	How long ago did they buy the gift?	text	few hours	Last year	0
wrapping a gift	6	Who wrapped the gift?	text	the narrator	my mom	0
wrapping a gift	7	How did they wrap the gift?	text	a gift bag	with paper, not a gift bag	1
wrapping a gift	8	What was the occasion for giving a gift?	text	Birthday	Christmas	1
doing laundry	0	How much laundry detergent was used for each load?	text	The appropriate amount	He poured half the box in the machine	0
doing laundry	1	Did they do it at their house?	commonsense	No, they did the laundry at the laundromat	Yes, they did the laundry in the laundry room	1
doing laundry	2	Did bedbugs lead to them doing the laundry ?	text	Yes an exterminator told them they had to wash everything.	No, they realized they were out of clean underwear.	1
vacuuming the carpet	0	What is the vacuum doing?	text	Making lines in the carpet	vacuuming	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	Why did the carpet need vacuuming?	commonsense	cleaning day	Because it had poop on it.	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	Was the carpet very dirty?	commonsense	Yes	no	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	The narrator	The boyfriend.	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	Do you have to be strong to use the vacuum?	commonsense	no	yes	0
vacuuming the carpet	5	What house were they at when the carpet was vacuumed?	text	their own house	The boyfriend's home.	0
making breakfast	0	Did they use plates?	commonsense	No, they ate out of the pan.	Yes, they used plates.	1
making breakfast	1	How did they prepare the food?	text	ordered it	cooked the eggs and toasted the bread	1
making breakfast	2	What ingredients did they put in the breakfast meal?	text	They had waffles.	They made cereal, scrambled eggs, and toast.	1
making breakfast	3	How long did they cook for?	commonsense	1 hour	a couple of minutes	1
making breakfast	4	What did they make for breakfast?	text	They had waffles.	They made cereal, scrambled eggs, and toast.	1
making breakfast	5	What did they use to make the breakfast taste better?	text	Added cereal to the eggs.	Added butter to eggs	1
making breakfast	6	Where was the breakfast made?	commonsense	In their kitchen.	the bathroom	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Who filled the garbage bag?	commonsense	the neighbors	The whole family	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Why did they take the trash out?	text	they didn't	it needs to be taken out	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Why did they want to replace the garbage bag?	text	To have a fresh, empty one.	Because it was Tuesday.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	When did they replace the bag?	text	the next day	After he threw the trash in the dumpster.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Why were they changing the trash?	commonsense	They liked it	It's a common chore	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	When did they decide to replace the garbage bag?	commonsense	When it needs to be done, either it's full or it smells	that morning	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Was it easy to do?	commonsense	Yes, but they don't like it	no	0
laying flooring in a room	0	did they take any breaks?	commonsense	Probably yes	No they kept going for hours	0
laying flooring in a room	1	What kind of flooring did they use?	text	hardwood flooring	tiles	0
laying flooring in a room	2	can a floor be any color?	commonsense	yes	no	0
laying flooring in a room	3	Where did they get the new flooring?	text	Home Depot	Lowe's	0
laying flooring in a room	4	What type of room are they working on?	text	living room	bathroom	0
laying flooring in a room	5	When did they finish?	text	after several hours	after the day	0
laying flooring in a room	6	Did it take longer than a week?	text	Yes it took longer	No they were done in a day	1
laying flooring in a room	7	Was it being laid in a bathroom?	text	yes	no	1
laying flooring in a room	8	Were the boxes of material heavy?	commonsense	no	yes	1
putting up a painting	0	How many paintings were being hung up?	text	One painting was being hung.	They had to hang four paintings.	0
putting up a painting	1	Who helped hang the painting?	commonsense	Nobody	my mom	0
putting up a painting	2	Was it hard to put up the painting?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
putting up a painting	3	How many people did they need to lift the painting?	text	Just one person.	2	0
putting up a painting	4	Will they need a hammer or screwdriver to put in the nails or screws?	text	a screw driver	They used a hammer and nails.	1
putting up a painting	5	Where did they put up the painting?	text	In the living room.	Bathroom	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Were they by a window?	text	No they sat in a booth.	yes, in the corner	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	How long did it take for their food to come?	text	twenty minutes	A few minutes.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	When did the food come?	text	a few minutes after they ordered it	an hour later	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	What is the name of the restaurant?	text	Wendy's	McDonald's	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	What did they eat?	text	a fish sandwich	They had a cheeseburger and grilled chicken sandwich.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Were they standing or sitting?	text	sitting	They stayed seated in their car	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	6	Did they use any condiments?	text	They used ketchup.	no	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	7	Where did they go after they ate?	text	They went bowling.	the movie theatre	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	8	Who was eating?	text	the author and Margo	a couple out on a date	0
setting the dining table	0	Are they being paid to set the table?	commonsense	Doubtful!	Yes, $10.	0
setting the dining table	1	Did they set the table for guests?	text	No, there were no guests.	Yes, they set the table for guests.	1
setting the dining table	2	Did more than one person set the dining table?	text	Yes, 3 people set the table.	No, it was only one person.	1
setting the dining table	3	Were there any bowls?	text	no	yes	0
setting the dining table	4	Who asked to have the table set ?	text	Nobody	The dad asked to set it.	0
setting the dining table	5	Why did they set that number of places?	text	That's how many they were asked to set.	Because there were 13-14 people coming.	1
setting the dining table	6	Who set the table?	text	The housekeeper set the table.	The narrator.	1
mailing a letter	0	Who is the letter addressed to?	text	the child	Their friends	1
mailing a letter	1	How many stamps did they use?	text	Three	One	1
mailing a letter	2	What will happen to the letter now?	commonsense	it will be mailed	it will stay at the post office	0
mailing a letter	3	What did they do after they mailed the letter?	commonsense	stayed around the post office	they left the post office	1
mailing a letter	4	How did they get a stamp for the letter?	text	They asked the clerk	had one already	0
mailing a letter	5	When did they mail the letter?	text	after their child was dropped out of school	after their child was picked up from school	0
mailing a letter	6	Did they use a stamp to mail the letter?	text	Yes	No	0
mailing a letter	7	Why did they need to send a letter?	text	to give gifts	To invite them to a party	0
mailing a letter	8	Did they go inside the post office?	text	Yes	No	0
making a hot dog	0	How did the hot dog taste?	text	bad	super	1
making a hot dog	1	How are they cooking the hot dogs?	text	in a microwave	on the stove	0
making a hot dog	2	When did they take the hot dogs out of the fridge?	text	lunchtime	when they decided they wanted nachos for lunch	0
making a hot dog	3	Did they use any spices in preparing the hot dog?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making a hot dog	4	Are they cooking and preparing a hot dog?	text	yes	no	0
making a hot dog	5	Did they have to wait long for the hot dog to cook?	text	2 hours	no just few minutes	1
making a hot dog	6	How many hot dogs did they eat together?	text	Two	one	1
cleaning up a flat	0	Was it a light or heavy cleaning?	commonsense	It was a light cleaning.	more on the heavy side	1
cleaning up a flat	1	What order did they clean the rooms?	text	Laundry, closet,bathroom,bedroom and laundry again.	The bedroom then the bathroom.	0
cleaning up a flat	2	Why did they decide to clean the flat?	text	When they came home from work to a messy house.	just because they felt like cleaning	0
cleaning up a flat	3	How long did it take for them to clean their bathroom?	commonsense	Not very long.	It took about an hour.	0
cleaning up a flat	4	When did they change what area they were cleaning?	commonsense	because it was too messy and they gave up	When the previous room was done.	1
cleaning up a flat	5	Did the use air freshener?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	0
changing bed sheets	0	How long did they take to change the sheets?	commonsense	1 hour	Just a few minutes.	1
changing bed sheets	1	Who helped change the sheets?	text	No one, they did it themselves.	Parent.	0
changing bed sheets	2	Do they like their bed sheets?	commonsense	No, because they did not fit the bed.	Yes, because they were fresh and clean.	1
changing bed sheets	3	Was it normal daily bed sheet cleaning?	text	No.	Yes	0
changing bed sheets	4	Why did they take off the old sheets?	text	Because the dog got his dirty paws on them.	There was a soda stain.	1
changing bed sheets	5	Did the bed sheets smell good?	commonsense	Yes, they were fresh and clean.	No, they were old	0
changing bed sheets	6	What did they do with the old bed sheets?	text	Tossed them into a hamper	Toss to the floor	1
changing bed sheets	7	When they changed the sheets, did they take the other sheets with them?	text	Yes, they carried them into the laundry room	No, they put them on the floor.	1
repairing a bicycle	0	Was the bike repaired?	text	Yes	No	0
changing a light bulb	0	Where did they get the new light bulb?	text	The lightbulb came from the storage closet	The kitchen cabinets	0
changing a light bulb	1	Did they have extra light bulbs just in case?	text	No, they had to go to the store to get some.	Yes, they were in the supply closet.	1
changing a light bulb	2	Is it hard to change a light bulb?	commonsense	Yes, it took three people	It is not hard to change a lightbulb	1
changing a light bulb	3	What did they do with the old light bulb?	text	Put it in the bulb box	They threw it out	1
changing a light bulb	4	Why did the light bulb need replacing?	text	They were trying a different brand of lightbulbs.	It blew out.	1
changing a light bulb	5	What room was the light bulb in?	text	The lightbulb was in the supply closet	The light bulb was in the kitchen	0
changing a light bulb	6	Which room needed the new light bulb?	text	The bathroom needed the lightbulb	The kitchen	0
repairing a bicycle	0	Was the bike repairable?	text	no	yes	1
repairing a bicycle	1	Why did it need to be fixed?	text	the inner tube was punctured	The wheel just came off	0
repairing a bicycle	2	Was the bike damaged, or was it just regular maintenance that was needed?	text	It was just regular maintenance	The bike was damaged	1
repairing a bicycle	3	How long did it take to fix?	commonsense	a few weeks	3 days	1
repairing a bicycle	4	Why was the bicycle broken?	text	ran over nail	ran over glass	1
repairing a bicycle	5	How long did it take to change the front tire?	commonsense	three days	not long	1
repairing a bicycle	6	When did it first need the repairs?	text	After a wreck	when glass punctured the inner tube	1
making a shopping list	0	How many people helped write the list?	text	two	Just the story teller.	1
making a shopping list	1	Did they have trouble writing the list?	text	Yes	No	1
making a shopping list	2	How long was the list?	commonsense	Only 5 items.	it was long enough to get everything	1
making a shopping list	3	How did they make the list?	text	typed it	checked what they needed	1
making a shopping list	4	Who wrote the list?	text	The story teller.	the friend	0
making a shopping list	5	When did they make the list?	text	Before he goes out	after going shopping	0
making a shopping list	6	Why are they going?	text	Shoe shopping	shopping for food	1
making a shopping list	7	What would happen if they didn't make a list?	commonsense	they wouldn't know what to get	Nothing, their mom would remember what they were out of.	0
going dancing	0	What did they do after they went dancing?	text	They took a taxi cab back home.	went to an afterparty	0
going dancing	1	When did they arrive at the club?	text	Saturday night	Friday evening	1
going dancing	2	Why did they go dancing at that location?	text	Because it was on sale.	Because it was one of their  favorite restaurants.	1
going dancing	3	Where did they go dancing?	text	favorite bar	NYC	1
going dancing	4	How long did they dance?	text	for 1 hour	for 3 hours	1
going dancing	5	Did they order any drinks at the club?	text	No	yes, wine	1
throwing a party	0	Where was the party?	commonsense	At their house.	the friend's home	0
throwing a party	1	Were was the party held?	text	the friend's home	at the speakers house	1
throwing a party	2	What kinds of food did they have?	text	hamburgers and hotdogs	pizza and cake	1
making breakfast	0	How long did it take them to actually cook the breakfast?	text	Half an hour	ten minutes	1
making breakfast	1	How did they cook the eggs in the story?	text	They made eggie in a basket.	They mixed them with other ingredients to make pancakes.	1
making breakfast	2	What did they eat for breakfast?	text	Eggs	They had German pancakes.	1
making breakfast	3	When did they start cooking?	text	Saturday morning	Right after they woke up.	1
making breakfast	4	Who was waiting to eat the breakfast?	text	Their wife.	Their husband.	0
making breakfast	5	Who made the food?	text	Husband	Their wife	0
making breakfast	6	When did they eat?	text	Sunday morning	never	0
setting the dining table	1	Was there a specific reason to set the table on that specific day ?	text	No	Yes	1
setting the dining table	3	When did they set the dining table?	text	Before their guests arrived	the next day	0
setting the dining table	4	What type of plates are on the table?	commonsense	Paper plates	dinner plates	1
setting the dining table	5	Did they put anything on the table just for looks?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
setting the dining table	6	Was it a formal meal?	commonsense	yes	no	1
setting the dining table	7	Who set the table?	text	Two friends.	The storyteller and their girlfriend	1
setting the dining table	8	Where did they set the table?	text	the dining room	In the living room	0
setting the dining table	9	Did they set the table quickly?	text	Yes they did it quickly	No it took a long time	0
cleaning the floor	0	Who cleaned the floor?	text	janitor	The author	1
cleaning the floor	1	What was the floor made of?	text	vinyl	hardwood	0
cleaning the floor	2	why are they cleaning it now?	commonsense	Because it is dirty	for fun	0
mailing a letter	0	Did anyone help to write the letter?	text	No	Yes	0
mailing a letter	1	Who is the person mailing a letter?	text	the narrator	their Dad	0
mailing a letter	2	Did they enclose anything else with the letter?	text	Yes	no	0
mailing a letter	3	Did they hire someone or are they doing it for themselves?	text	hiring someone	Doing it themselves	1
mailing a letter	4	What is in the letter?	text	Cash and birthday card.	A written note	1
mailing a letter	0	Did they hire someone or are they doing it for themselves?	text	they did it themselves	hire someone	0
mailing a letter	1	When did they write the letter?	text	yesterday	today	0
mailing a letter	2	Why did they need to send a letter?	text	to pay a bill	they wanted to invite their friend to visit	1
mailing a letter	3	What will happen to the letter now?	commonsense	the postman will pick it up and have it sorted through the post office	It will get lost in the mail	0
mailing a letter	4	Where was the letter being mailed to?	text	Nashville, Tennessee	Memphis, Tennessee	0
mailing a letter	5	Why were they mailing the letter?	commonsense	they didn't have email	they wanted to	1
mailing a letter	6	Where is the letter going?	text	Nashville, TN	Texas	0
renting a movie	0	Why was the movie rented?	commonsense	entertainment	Because they had seen it before.	0
renting a movie	1	Was the movie rented online?	text	Yes it was.	no rented at store	1
renting a movie	2	How long was it before they returned the movie?	text	a few days	Few hours	0
preparing a picnic	0	What time of day is it?	commonsense	It was late at night.	Lunchtime.	1
preparing a picnic	1	Was it supposed to be a sunny day?	text	No, it was raining.	Yes, it was supposed to be sunny.	1
feeding a cat	0	did they have a bowl for food and water?	text	no, they don't	yes, they do	1
feeding a cat	1	Where was the cat fed?	commonsense	seems to be the kitchen	on the porch	0
feeding a cat	2	What was the cat's name?	text	Daxter	Garfield	0
feeding a cat	3	Where do they keep the cat bowl ?	commonsense	kitchen	in the bathroom cabinet	0
feeding a cat	4	Who fed the cat?	text	the narrator	the mom	0
feeding a cat	5	Where did they feed the cat?	commonsense	seems to be the kitchen	on the porch	0
walking a dog	0	How many dogs went on the walk?	text	More than two.	Just one.	1
walking a dog	1	Why did they go to the park?	text	So they could walk the dog.	They wanted to play on the swings.	0
walking a dog	2	Why did they walk the dog?	commonsense	So it could get exercise.	So they could go to work.	0
walking a dog	3	Did they take the dog to a park?	text	No, they took the dog to the beach.	Yes they did.	1
walking a dog	4	Was the dog walker also the owner of the dog?	text	No, it is their job to walk dogs.	Yes, they own the dog.	1
walking a dog	5	Was there anything wrong with the dog?	commonsense	No, there wasn't anything wrong with the dog.	Yes, the dog is missing a front leg.	0
making toasted bread	0	How long does it take the toaster to toast the bread?	commonsense	a few minutes	a few seconds	0
making toasted bread	1	Did they put the bread on a plate?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making toasted bread	2	When were they making toast?	text	last night	this morning	1
making toasted bread	3	Why do you need to be careful when using a toaster?	commonsense	so you don't burn the bread	it's sharp	0
making toasted bread	4	how do they toast bread?	text	in their toaster	with the oven	0
making toasted bread	5	Can they use just their hands to eat toast?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making toasted bread	6	How long did it take for bread to toast?	commonsense	a few minutes	an hour	0
making toasted bread	7	What kind of bread do they like to put in the toaster?	text	rye bread	wheat bread	1
visiting a doctor	0	Why did they make an appointment?	text	checkup	Because they had a large mole.	0
visiting a doctor	1	How did the doctor hear their heartbeat?	commonsense	The doctor uses a stethoscope.	With their eyes	0
visiting a doctor	2	Did they get medicine from the doctor?	text	yes	No medicine.	1
fueling a car	0	Why did they need gas?	text	fuel was low	for fun	0
fueling a car	1	How did they remove the gas cap from the car?	commonsense	turned it	left it on	0
fueling a car	2	Why did they stop for gas?	text	fuel was low	for fun	0
fueling a car	3	Where were they filling gas?	text	at a garage	At the filling station	1
fueling a car	4	Who pumped the gas?	text	The narrator.	Attendant	0
fueling a car	5	Why did they clean the windshield while fueling?	commonsense	was clean	To see better.	1
fueling a car	6	Whose car were they filling?	text	their daughters	Their own.	1
fueling a car	7	Who fueled the car?	text	the attendant	The narrator.	1
fueling a car	8	Did they pay with cash or a card?	text	Cash.	paid with card at the pump	1
fueling a car	9	How long did it take to fuel the car?	commonsense	2 hours	only a few minutes	1
getting a haircut	0	How long did it take them to get their haircut?	text	About 20 mins	one hour	0
getting a haircut	1	Did they leave a tip?	text	yes	no	0
getting a haircut	2	What general time of day is this taking place?	commonsense	the afternoon	early morning	0
getting a haircut	3	Did they like their hair cut?	text	no	yes	1
getting a haircut	4	How many pairs of scissors did the barber use?	commonsense	presume just one	three	0
getting a haircut	5	How did the haircut turn out?	text	satisfactory	he hated it	0
getting a haircut	6	Who is getting a haircut?	text	a friend	a man	1
getting a haircut	7	Are they also getting a shave?	commonsense	yes	no, none is mentioned	1
getting a haircut	8	How long did they wait	text	30 min	They had an appointment they didn't wait	1
getting a haircut	9	How long did they have to wait to get into the stylist's chair?	text	two hours or so	no wait	1
changing bed sheets	0	Were the bedsheets wet?	commonsense	No mention of being wet	Yes, they had been soiled	0
changing bed sheets	1	Where did they put the used bed sheets?	text	In the clothes hamper.	In the washer.	1
changing bed sheets	2	How many sheets were there?	text	Two, fitted and flat.	5 sheets	0
changing bed sheets	3	Why did they take off the old sheets?	text	play tent with them	They needed to be washed	1
changing bed sheets	4	Why did they change the sheets?	text	They needed to be cleaned	They wanted new sheets.	0
changing a light bulb	0	What time was it when they changed the light bulb?	text	They changed the bulb at night.	They change the bulb in the morning.	1
changing a light bulb	1	How long did it take to remove the old bulb from the socket?	commonsense	a very long time	a few minutes	1
changing a light bulb	2	Were they in the room when the bulb burned out?	text	Yes they were in the room when the light burned out.	No they weren't in the room.	0
changing a light bulb	3	How many people did it take?	text	One person changed the lightbulb.	Three.	0
changing a light bulb	4	What did they use to see what they were doing?	text	sunlight	They used a flashlight.	0
changing a light bulb	5	Which room needed the new light bulb?	text	The kitchen needed the new bulb.	The living room needed the new bulb.	0
changing a light bulb	6	What did they use to change the light bulb?	text	They used a step stool.	A chair.	0
changing a light bulb	7	Did they switch off the light source before trying to replace it?	commonsense	No they did not turn off the switch.	yes they did	1
changing a light bulb	8	Did they have to climb up to reach the light bulb?	text	No they didn't need to climb.	Yes they needed a step stool.	1
changing a light bulb	9	How quickly did they change the light bulb?	commonsense	pretty quickly	It took a day.	0
changing a light bulb	10	How many light bulbs did they change?	text	They changed one lightbulb.	Five.	0
changing a light bulb	11	What did they do with the old light bulb?	text	They threw it in the trash.	Put it in the sink.	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	What happened after they unloaded the washer?	text	Terri loads it with dirty dishes	She closed the door and locked it	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	Was the person who unloaded the dishwasher an old person?	commonsense	Yes, they were an adult.	No, they were in school.	1
unloading the dishwasher	2	Where was the dishwasher located?	commonsense	The dishwasher is located in the kitchen.	School	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Was this in a house or restaurant?	commonsense	House	Restaurant.	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	What did they take out first from the dishwasher?	text	Cups, plates, and dishes	Silverware	0
unloading the dishwasher	5	Who unloaded it?	text	Her mother emptied the dishwasher.	Terry empties the dishwasher for her mother.	1
unloading the dishwasher	6	Did they dry off the dishes before putting them away?	text	No	Yes	0
unloading the dishwasher	7	How many times do they unload the dishwasher?	text	Everyday.	Every week.	0
sewing a button	0	why couldn't the button be left off	commonsense	It could be left off.	It probably would have left their body showing.	1
sewing a button	1	Were they experienced in sewing?	commonsense	Yes, they were good at sewing clothes.	No.	1
sewing a button	2	What item were they sewing on?	text	his shirt	a sleeve	0
sewing a button	3	What type of clothes were the button sewed on?	text	Socks	his shirt	1
boiling milk	0	Where were they boiling the milk?	text	Inside of a microwave.	On top of the stove.	1
boiling milk	1	What happened to the milk?	text	They drank it.	It reached the optimum 212.3 degrees F and was set aside to use in the recipe	1
boiling milk	2	What container was used for boiling?	text	A bowl.	A sauce pan	1
boiling milk	3	What was the boiled milk going to be used for?	text	hot chocolate	A recipe.	1
boiling milk	4	What kind of heat did they use?	text	fire	The stove top	1
boiling milk	5	Do they put anything else in the pot besides the milk?	text	no	yes	0
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Why did they wash their hair?	text	it was dirty	To use up the shampoo	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Why were they washing their hair?	text	it was clean	it was dirty	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	How long did they keep the shampoo in?	commonsense	rinsed immediately	5 minutes	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Did they use conditioner?	text	No,they used vinegar.	Yes, they used conditioner.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Were they satisfied with how things turned out?	text	No, they were disappointed.	yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	How did they wash their hair exactly?	text	They used the water hose in the yard and a bar of soap	They put shampoo in their hair, scrubbed the scalp and repeat.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	6	What was used to wash their hair?	text	They used shampoo.	They used a bar of soap.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	7	Did their hair smell good afterwards?	commonsense	yes	No, it smelled like onions	0
washing one¡¯s hair	8	How did their hair feel after they washed it?	text	Fresh and clean.	It felt greasy.	0
getting a haircut	0	Were there a lot of people waiting for a hair cut?	commonsense	They had to wait an hour.	no	1
getting a haircut	1	How did they cut their hair?	text	Long hair on top with a buzz cut on the sides.	Short hair on top with a buzz cut on the sides	1
getting a haircut	2	What is the cape used for	commonsense	it protects your clothes	for superheroes	0
mailing a letter	0	Who is the person mailing a letter?	text	speaker	The storyteller's friend.	0
mailing a letter	1	Who wrote the letter?	text	the author	the friend did	0
mailing a letter	2	What did they do before they mailed the letter?	text	They tore the envelope.	they wrote the letter	1
mailing a letter	3	Where was the letter being mailed to?	text	down the street	his friend	1
mailing a letter	4	Did they enclose anything else with the letter?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	1
mailing a letter	5	Why did they write the letter?	text	To invite them to a party.	because they did not want to travel far away	1
mailing a letter	6	How did the letter get into the mailbox?	text	The storyteller's friend put the letter in the mailbox.	The writer placed it there.	1
mailing a letter	7	What was the envelope used for?	text	to hold the letter	to make the letter look nice	0
feeding an infant	0	Who was feeding the infant?	commonsense	The mother	stranger	0
feeding an infant	1	What did the infant sit on while eating?	text	In a booster seat	high chair	1
feeding an infant	2	Who fed the infant?	commonsense	The parent.	The teacher.	0
feeding an infant	3	Was the baby fussy or calm?	commonsense	fussy	calm	1
feeding an infant	4	does the infant like the food?	commonsense	no	yes	1
feeding an infant	5	Did they only feed the infant because it was crying?	text	Yes	No, it was lunchtime	1
visiting a doctor	0	Who went with them to the doctor?	text	their mom	no one.	1
visiting a doctor	1	Were they mad?	text	Yes	No	1
visiting a doctor	2	What was wrong with them?	text	Nothing, it was a check-up	Sore throat	0
visiting a doctor	3	Did they leave the doctor's office with medicine?	text	no	yes	0
visiting a doctor	4	Why did they have to wait?	commonsense	The doctor was out of town	other patients were being seen.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Why did they use the kitchen gas?	text	they prefer it	Stove requires it.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Is it hard using a gas stove?	commonsense	no	yes	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Were they at home or somewhere else?	commonsense	Somewhere else	Home	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Why did they need to heat food?	commonsense	they wanted something hot	because the eggs were raw	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Why is this task being performed?	text	cooking lunch	because they are hungry	0
heating food on kitchen gas	5	When did they put the pot on the stove?	text	Before they put the eggs in	After they light the burner	1
heating food on kitchen gas	6	How do you turn the gas off?	text	unplug the stove	turn the dial to off	1
heating food on kitchen gas	7	Why is the food cooked in the kitchen?	commonsense	because they like the kitchen	because stoves are only in the kitchen	1
heating food on kitchen gas	8	How long did it take to cook?	text	Ten minutes.	a few minutes	1
getting the newspaper	0	Were they wearing a robe and slippers when getting it?	commonsense	No, they had just come back from a walk	Yes	0
getting the newspaper	1	How did they get their newspaper?	text	The bought it at the store.	It is delivered to the house	1
getting the newspaper	2	Why did they get the paper?	commonsense	They like to read the newspaper	It was getting wet.	0
getting the newspaper	3	When did they get the paper?	text	After arriving from their run.	midnight	0
mowing the lawn	0	Did they enjoy mowing the lawn?	commonsense	yes	no	0
mowing the lawn	1	What did they do when they finished?	commonsense	Drank water	They put the mower away and went inside for a glass of lemonade	1
mowing the lawn	2	Was the grass very high?	text	Yes	No	0
mowing the lawn	3	Were the grass and weeds really tall?	text	No	Yes	1
mowing the lawn	4	Do they mow the lawn on a rider tractor?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
mowing the lawn	5	Why did they mow the grass?	text	it was Saturday	was getting too high	1
borrowing a book from the library	0	Who did they go with to the library?	commonsense	They went with friends.	No one	1
borrowing a book from the library	1	How did they find the book?	text	browsing shelf	on floor	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	How long did they wait in line to check out the book?	commonsense	none	About an hour.	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	Why did they go to the library?	text	To find a book to read	To check out an audio.	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	Did they talk to a librarian?	text	No they didn't.	Yes they did.	1
borrowing a book from the library	5	Did anybody else come with them?	text	No	Yes, but only a few people.	0
visiting relatives	0	What day did they the visit?	text	They visit every other Saturday.	Sundays	1
visiting relatives	1	Did they see their grandparents?	text	yes	no	0
visiting relatives	2	Did they visit inside?	text	No,they all sit outside.	yes and outside	1
visiting relatives	3	Did they eat a meal with the relatives?	text	Yes, they ate a family meal.	No, they just had coffee.	0
visiting relatives	4	Would they go again?	commonsense	yes	no	0
visiting relatives	5	Did they exchange any gifts?	commonsense	yes	no	1
visiting relatives	6	How pleasant was the visit?	commonsense	They didn't have a nice time at all.	very pleasant	1
visiting relatives	7	Do the want to visit again someday?	commonsense	no	yes	1
doing laundry	0	Where is the laundry room?	text	In the basement	Bathroom	0
doing laundry	1	Where did they keep the laundry detergent?	commonsense	Near the washing machine	In the bathroom	0
doing laundry	2	Where did they do the laundry ?	text	the laundromat	In the basement laundry room	1
doing laundry	3	Did they sort the laundry?	text	No	Yes	1
doing laundry	4	How many loads of laundry did they have to do?	commonsense	Five	They only mentioned one	1
doing laundry	5	How did they do the laundry?	text	put clothes and soap in washer	put dirty clothes in dryer	0
doing laundry	6	Why were they doing laundry?	commonsense	Because they had clothes that needed to be washed	Basket was dirty	0
wrapping a gift	0	what kind of wrapping paper did they use?	text	colorful one	plain paper	0
wrapping a gift	1	Did they use glue to wrap it?	text	yes	no	1
wrapping a gift	2	How did they get the paper to stay?	text	They used tape	with glue	0
wrapping a gift	3	When did they wrap the gift?	text	Yesterday	Today	1
wrapping a gift	4	Who is the present for?	text	a friend.	Their friend's daughter	1
wrapping a gift	5	Why did they wrap the gift?	text	Because it made the gift look bigger	Because they had to wrap the gift for the birthday girl	1
wrapping a gift	6	Why did they use tape to wrap the gift?	commonsense	Because the gift was broken	so the paper would stay in place.	1
making toasted bread	0	How many pieces of bread did they toast?	text	one piece	Two.	1
making toasted bread	1	Where did they make the toast?	commonsense	bathroom	in the kitchen	1
making toasted bread	2	How did they start to toast the bread?	text	put the bread in the toaster	put the bread on the stove	0
making toasted bread	3	How long til it is cool enough to eat?	commonsense	30 minutes	A minute, at most	1
making toasted bread	4	Who made the toast?	text	their dad	narrator	1
making toasted bread	5	do they have someone toasting the bread for them?	text	Yes	No	1
making toasted bread	6	Where were they toasting the bread?	commonsense	the kitchen	in the break room at work	0
making toasted bread	7	what do they like to put on toasted bread?	text	butter	jam	0
making toasted bread	8	Was it for breakfast?	text	no they ate it with lunch	yes	1
making toasted bread	9	Did they burn any bread?	text	yes it was burned	no	1
taking a photograph	0	Were people posing for the picture?	text	no	yes	0
taking a photograph	1	How long did they look at the subject before taking the picture?	commonsense	Hours	Not long	1
taking a photograph	2	Why are they taking a photograph?	text	They saw a bald eagle	Because it was a pretty sunset	0
taking a photograph	3	Was there a special event happening?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
taking a photograph	4	Did they have to wait for the right time to shoot the subject?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a photograph	5	Was it dark when they took the photograph?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
answering the doorbell	0	Did they let the person who rang the doorbell come inside the house?	text	yes, they made them a sandwich	no, they just took the package	1
answering the doorbell	1	Did they know the person pressing the doorbell?	text	Yes.	No.	1
answering the doorbell	2	When did the doorbell ring?	text	When the postman pressed it.	this morning	0
answering the doorbell	3	What did the chime of the doorbell sound like?	text	a low pitched bell ringing	"high pitched chiming"	1
answering the doorbell	4	Was it important?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
answering the doorbell	5	Was the person a relative?	text	yes, an uncle	No.	1
answering the doorbell	6	Are they an expected visitor?	text	no	yes, they were expecting a package	0
answering the doorbell	7	Who lives at the location?	text	The storyteller.	The postman.	0
answering the doorbell	8	Who answered the door when the doorbell rang?	text	The storyteller.	the story teller's dad	0
answering the doorbell	9	How many times did they ring the doorbell?	text	Once.	half a dozen times	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	How long do they have to take the medicine?	commonsense	as long as they need it	for a month	0
giving a medicine to someone	1	Who told them to take the medicine?	commonsense	Her friend	The narrator, the mother/ father.	1
giving a medicine to someone	2	Will they get better?	commonsense	no they have to go to the hospital	yes they took medicine	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	Why do they give the medicine to them?	text	she had a fever	So the pain will stop.	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	What doctor prescribed the medicine?	commonsense	their pediatrician	None	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Will the medicine make them feel better?	commonsense	no, she will get sicker	Yes	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	How long did it take till they drank it?	commonsense	A few seconds.	Few hours	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Who did they give medicine to?	text	their daughter	The son	0
giving a medicine to someone	8	Was somebody holding a spoon?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
doing laundry	0	Where is the laundry located?	text	in his home in the laundry room	On the floor.	0
doing laundry	1	Were buttons pushed to start the machine?	text	No	yes	0
doing laundry	2	Why was the laundry separated into different loads?	text	for fun	so the dyes don't bleed and stain the lighter clothing	1
doing laundry	3	why did they do the laundry?	commonsense	It is clean	it is a chore that must be done	1
doing laundry	4	who did the laundry?	text	The narrator.	his mom	0
taking a photograph	0	Who took the picture?	text	their mom	they did	1
taking a photograph	1	How many people were in the photograph?	text	1	2	0
taking a photograph	2	Did they take lots of pictures?	text	yes	no	0
taking a photograph	3	Who did they take a photograph of?	text	their mom	Dogs and the narrator	1
taking a photograph	4	Where was the picture taken?	text	Home	Park	1
cooking pasta	0	How did they strain the pasta?	text	with a spoon	An over the sink strainer and a bowl	1
cooking pasta	1	where are they cooking it?	text	A kitchen	On the grill	0
cooking pasta	2	What did they put on the pasta?	text	nothing	Sauce	0
cooking pasta	3	How did they cook the pasta?	text	They boiled it	in the microwave	0
cooking pasta	4	What spices did they put in the pasta?	text	Lemon.	only salt in the water	1
visiting the beach	0	who are they with there?	text	Their family.	Their neighbors.	0
visiting the beach	1	Is it better to go in the morning?	text	No, they go later at lunchtime.	Yes, they go early to avoid traffic.	1
visiting the beach	2	When did they go swimming?	text	After they set everything up	On Christmas.	0
visiting the beach	3	were the people having fun?	text	no	yes	1
visiting the beach	4	Who went to the beach?	text	The Author and family	The family and their neighbors.	0
visiting the beach	5	Why did they go to the beach?	commonsense	to get sand in their shoes	their family likes to go to the beach	1
visiting the beach	6	Did they get sun burnt?	commonsense	No, because they took sunscreen.	Yes, that is why they had to leave early.	0
visiting the beach	7	What did they eat at the beach?	text	Sandwiches and bottled water.	sandwiches, fruits	1
visiting the beach	8	was it a nice beach?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a photograph	0	Was the picture taken in the morning or evening?	text	Evening	Early Sunday morning.	1
taking a photograph	1	Did they have to wait for the right time to shoot the subject?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
taking a photograph	2	Where did they take the picture at?	text	at the beach	mountain	1
taking a photograph	3	What was the subject of the photo?	text	friends, wildlife	A statue.	0
taking a photograph	4	Who was in the picture?	text	their friends	my family	0
taking a photograph	5	How long did it take for everyone to get arranged in the photograph?	commonsense	A few minutes.	Hours.	0
taking a photograph	6	Was it sunny outside?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a photograph	7	What type of person is taking the photograph?	commonsense	boring one	An adult.	1
taking a photograph	8	How long did it take to snap the picture?	text	hours	3 seconds	1
boiling milk	0	When did they get the milk out of the fridge?	text	First thing	Second step	1
boiling milk	1	Did it turn any colors?	commonsense	no	yes	0
boiling milk	2	How long were they boiling the milk for?	text	More than 10 minutes	Less than 7 minutes	1
boiling milk	3	Will they wear goggles while boiling the milk?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
boiling milk	4	How long did it take to bring the milk to a boil?	text	5 minutes.	10 minutes	0
boiling milk	5	Was the pan covered?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
boiling milk	6	What level of heat did they boil the milk over?	text	High Heat	Medium-high	1
shopping online	0	What did they order?	text	A Purse	shoes	1
shopping online	1	What website did they shop on?	text	Amazon	Ebay	0
shopping online	2	Who paid for it?	text	The narrator.	The narrator's coworker	0
shopping online	0	Why did they shop online instead of at the store that day?	text	easier	store was closed	0
shopping online	1	why didn't they just go in the physical store?	text	online was easier	the car was broken	0
shopping online	2	How long do they have to wait for the stuff to be delivered?	text	2 weeks	Two days	1
shopping online	3	How did they decide what to buy?	text	it was on the list	it was the right size, price etc	1
shopping online	4	Who paid for it?	text	The speaker	Alex	0
shopping online	5	Did they take any items out of their cart?	commonsense	No, they didn't .	Yes, they removed the life jacket.	0
shopping online	6	What types of things did they order online?	text	A life jacket for Alex	A swim top.	0
shopping online	7	How did they pay for it?	text	With their card	By cash	0
shopping online	8	Had they ordered online before?	text	No	yes	1
shopping online	9	Did they look at clearance items?	commonsense	No, they didn't.	Yes, they did.	0
shopping online	10	How long did they spend shopping?	commonsense	not long	all day	0
doing laundry	0	how did they dry the clothes?	text	in the dryer	on a clothing line	0
doing laundry	1	How many loads of laundry were washed and dried?	text	2	Four	0
doing laundry	2	Where was the laundry taken to be washed?	text	a laundromat	the laundry room	1
doing laundry	3	Where were they doing laundry?	text	The laundromat	Their laundry room	1
doing laundry	4	Were the clothes hung on a line outside to dry?	text	yes	no	1
doing laundry	5	Where was the laundry done?	text	The laundromat	The laundry room	1
doing laundry	6	Where did they do their laundry?	text	The laundromat	the laundry room	1
taking the underground	0	Have they ever ridden a subway?	text	yes	no	0
taking the underground	1	Were they traveling alone?	commonsense	No, with friends.	yes	1
taking the underground	2	Where did they wait for the train?	text	on the stairs	On the platform.	1
taking the underground	3	How did they board the train?	text	jumped on the top of it and hung on	walked through the doors	1
taking the underground	4	Did they sit down or stand up?	text	sat	stand up	0
making breakfast	0	What did they put on the bread?	text	peanut butter and oatmeal	Cream cheese	0
making breakfast	1	How did the breakfast taste?	commonsense	Delicious	They hated it	0
making breakfast	2	What did they drink for breakfast?	text	Coffee	Orange juice	0
making breakfast	3	How long did it take them to actually cook the breakfast?	commonsense	3 hours	Less than an hour	1
making breakfast	4	Where did they cook breakfast?	commonsense	kitchen	In the bathroom	0
making breakfast	5	Who ate breakfast?	text	The child of the storyteller	Speaker	1
making breakfast	6	How long did the bread take to toast?	commonsense	A few minutes	hours	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	How many batteries did they throw away?	commonsense	Two batteries.	1 battery.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	Why do they need an alarm clock?	text	for fun	to get up in the morning	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	What room was the alarm clock in?	commonsense	Bathroom	Their bedroom.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	Did they need to go to the store to buy the batteries?	text	Yes they did.	No they didn't.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	Why did the batteries die?	commonsense	Water got on them	from use	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	Who's alarm clock was it?	text	The narrator's	The neighbors.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	6	what time of day did they notice it?	text	In the evening	In the morning	1
going to the theater	0	What did they eat at the theater?	text	popcorn and coke	candy	0
going to the theater	1	How did they all get to the theater?	text	They took a cab	drove to the theatre	1
going to the theater	2	How many people were in their group?	text	two	four	0
going to the theater	3	What was the reason they went to the theater?	commonsense	It was a date night.	they love going to that theater	0
going to the theater	4	Who went to the theater?	text	two kids	Them and their husband	1
going to the theater	5	When did the movie start?	text	7 pm	6:30 pm	0
cleaning the shower	1	Did they use a bucket of water?	text	Yes, they used a bucket of water.	No, they only used spray.	0
cleaning the shower	2	who cleaned the shower?	text	The narrator.	Their father.	0
cleaning the shower	3	How did they begin the cleaning process?	text	started by with water spray	with the bottom	0
cleaning the shower	4	what happened to the shower?	text	It had brown spots and rust spots	it was filled with bugs.	0
cleaning the shower	5	Was the cleaner getting paid to clean the shower?	commonsense	Yes they were.	No they weren't.	1
cleaning the shower	6	what supplies were used?	text	just 409	Several different cleansers,	1
making a shopping list	0	Who were they writing the list for?	commonsense	Himself	Boss	0
making a shopping list	1	Who wrote the list?	text	Henry	A friend	0
making a shopping list	2	Did they give the list to anyone?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making a shopping list	3	Why did they write down 	text	So he can keep track of what he buys each week	to serve as a reminder	1
making a shopping list	4	Did they make it before going to the store?	text	No	Yes	1
making a shopping list	5	When did they write the list?	text	On arrival at the store	right before going to the store	1
making a shopping list	6	Is it a list of food or other items?	commonsense	Just food	It is both food and other items	1
making a shopping list	7	Where were they going to shop?	text	The local farmer's market	Grocery store	1
folding clothes	0	Did they also fold towels and linens?	commonsense	none are mentioned so, no	yes, a lot of them	0
folding clothes	1	How long will it take to fold the clothes?	commonsense	a very short amount of time	A long time.	1
folding clothes	2	Were they folding their clothes or someone else's?	text	someone else was folding it	theirs	1
folding clothes	3	Were they folding clothes in a laundromat or at home?	text	They were at the laundromat.	They were at home.	1
folding clothes	4	Who was folding clothes?	text	The person telling the story.	The person telling the story's nana.	0
folding clothes	5	Where are they working?	text	They sat in the living room.	In their room.	1
folding clothes	6	Who helped them fold all the clothes?	text	her boyfriend	nobody	1
mowing the lawn	0	Was it a gas mower?	text	No, it was not a gas mower.	Yes, it was a gas mower.	1
mowing the lawn	1	Were the grass and weeds really tall?	text	yes	no	0
mowing the lawn	2	Was the grass very high?	text	Yes, the grass was very high.	No, the grass had just been cut.	0
mowing the lawn	3	What was the weather like when they mow the lawn?	text	It was a hot day	It was raining	0
mowing the lawn	4	What happened to the grass after they mow the lawn?	commonsense	it decomposed over time	it grew into flowers	0
mowing the lawn	5	What were they wearing to mow the lawn?	text	One person was wearing outside clothes and a hat	Long-sleeve shirt and pants.	0
mowing the lawn	6	How many people were mowing the lawn?	text	One person.	Two brothers.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Why did they get fast food?	text	They were very hungry.	They wanted to try the new chain store of fast food.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where did they eat?	text	in the restaurant	At home	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	How long did they travel to get there?	commonsense	2 hours	not long	1
mailing a letter	0	What was the envelope used for?	text	To put the letter inside.	The wrote the letter on it.	0
mailing a letter	1	Why were they mailing the letter?	text	She has no internet.	To write their grandmother	1
mailing a letter	2	How many pages long was the letter?	text	It was one page long.	It was ten pages long.	0
mailing a letter	3	How long did the letter take to write?	commonsense	Not very long.	It took several days.	0
mailing a letter	4	where did they mail it from?	text	They took it to the post office.	The brought it to a mailbox.	1
mailing a letter	5	Was the letter written in pen, pencil or typed?	text	The letter was typed.	Te letter was written in colorful pen.	1
taking a driving lesson	0	Have they had lessons before?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
taking a driving lesson	1	Why did they take the test?	commonsense	to buy a dog	to get their license	1
taking a driving lesson	2	Why did the student need a driving lesson?	commonsense	to go to sleep	to get a driver's license	1
taking a driving lesson	3	Who taught the lesson?	text	The father of one of the girls	the driving instructor	1
making a camping trip	0	Who went on the trip?	text	two boys and their dad	Only John	0
making a camping trip	1	did they have fun on the trip?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making a camping trip	2	Who went camping?	text	Just john	a dad and his two kids	1
making a camping trip	3	When did they build a campfire?	text	after setting up the tents	Before they set up their tents	0
making a camping trip	0	Were they going to camp out in the forest?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making a camping trip	1	Where would they be traveling to?	text	the zoo	A state park.	1
making a camping trip	2	Who went on the trip?	text	the soccer team	The person telling the story and their niece and nephew.	1
making a camping trip	3	have they camped before?	commonsense	No they have not	Yes they have	1
making a camping trip	4	Did they pick a good campground?	commonsense	Yes, there were a lot of things to do.	No, it was full of bugs and just awful.	0
making a camping trip	5	Who went camping?	text	A group of friends	Three people - person, nephew and niece	1
making a camping trip	6	When did they leave the campground?	text	After two days.	They stayed for a week.	0
boiling milk	0	Who will drink the milk once it's boiled?	commonsense	the author	A friend of the person narrating the story	0
boiling milk	1	How much milk will they need?	text	About two cups	One cup	0
boiling milk	2	What was the boiled milk for?	text	A glass of milk	Hot chocolate.	1
boiling milk	3	Why did they want the milk boiled?	text	make coffee	To make hot chocolate	1
boiling milk	4	When did they add the cocoa powder?	commonsense	After the milk was boiled	Before boiling the milk	0
boiling milk	5	What did they use to measure the milk?	text	Measuring spoons	Measuring cups	1
boiling milk	6	Why did they boil milk?	text	To make baking chocolate	To make hot chocolate.	1
boiling milk	7	Who boiled the milk?	text	The mom.	The narrator.	1
boiling milk	8	Who was boiling the milk?	text	The narrator.	Their dad	0
visiting the beach	0	Did they have chairs?	text	yes	no	1
visiting the beach	1	How was the weather at the beach?	commonsense	Hot and sunny	Cloudy and cold	0
visiting the beach	2	how long does it take to get to the beach?	text	About thirty minutes.	it's a 10 min walk	1
visiting the beach	3	Who went to the beach?	text	her mom	The story teller and the sister.	1
visiting the beach	4	Why did they go to the beach?	text	Their friends were waiting them.	it was a good day to do so	1
visiting the beach	5	Why did they bring beach towels?	text	So they could roll them up as pillows	To sit on.	1
visiting the beach	6	Why did they put on sunscreen?	text	To prevent sunburn.	for fun	0
taking the underground	0	Were they traveling alone?	text	Yes	No with their girlfriend	1
taking the underground	1	Why did they pay money at the station?	commonsense	for a taxi	Because it's required to get a pass	1
taking the underground	2	Did they sit down or stand up?	commonsense	sat	stand	1
taking the underground	3	Why were they taking the underground?	text	For the fun of it.	To get to the city	1
taking the underground	4	Why did they get on the underground?	text	To leave San Francisco	To get to the city	1
visiting a museum	0	Where was the Museum?	text	in Spain	Kearney, Nebraska.	1
visiting a museum	1	How often did they go to the museum?	text	This was their first time.	all the time	0
visiting a museum	2	How did they get to museum?	text	They drove a car	they took the bus	0
visiting a museum	3	How many people are going?	text	ten other people	Two: the author and his daughter.	1
visiting a museum	4	Why did they go to the museum?	commonsense	it was the only place to go	it was the daughter's favorite place	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	How did they clean the bathtub?	text	Bathtub was scrubbed	With an electric polisher	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	Who cleaned the bathroom?	text	The house guest	Speaker	1
cleaning the bathroom	2	Did anything besides the floor get cleaned in the bathroom?	text	No, only the floor and mirror	Yes they cleaned other items in the bathroom.	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	Were the floors clean?	commonsense	no they had to clean them	Yes, because they'd been cleaned the day before	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	How did they clean the floor?	text	mopped the floor	Scrubbing with cleaning spray	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	What did they use to wipe down the sink?	commonsense	Brush.	Towel	1
making omelette	0	Was a pan used to cook the omelette?	text	No, they did not use a pan.	Yes, a pan was used.	1
making omelette	1	Where did they cook the omelette?	text	Outside on the grill.	In their kitchen.	1
making omelette	2	Where did they put the omelette after it was cooked?	text	Plate.	Bowl.	0
making omelette	3	Who ate the omelette?	text	no one	The storyteller.	1
making omelette	4	Did they cook the omelette on the stove or in the microwave?	text	on the stove	In the microwave;.	0
making omelette	5	What time of day was it?	text	Morning.	Noon.	0
making omelette	6	How long did they cook the omelette?	commonsense	More than half an hour.	Just a few minutes.	1
making omelette	7	When did they crack the eggs?	text	When they began.	While eating breakfast	0
making omelette	8	How long did it take to make?	commonsense	one hour	About ten minutes	1
making omelette	9	Who cooked the omelette?	text	The author	no one	0
making omelette	0	What kind of cheese did they use in their omelette?	text	Swiss	cheddar	1
making omelette	1	Where did they get the eggs for the omelette?	commonsense	a neighbor	From the refrigerator	1
making omelette	2	When were the eggs add to the pan to make the omelette?	text	After he put in the cheese.	First	1
making omelette	3	Where did they put the egg shells?	text	Into the pan	trash	1
making omelette	4	Did they cook the omelette on the stove or in the microwave?	text	In the microwave	On the stove	1
taking a taxi	0	Where did they get picked up from?	text	In front of hotel.	They got picked up off of the street.	1
taking a taxi	1	Where were they going?	text	to dinner and a movie	They were going to dinner and a play.	1
taking a taxi	2	How many passengers were there?	text	There was 2 passengers.	Three.	0
taking a taxi	3	Where did they sit inside the taxi?	commonsense	Front seat	Back seat	1
walking a dog	0	Is the dog friendly?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
walking a dog	1	How was the weather?	text	Hot	Cold	0
walking a dog	2	Why did they take plastic bags with them?	commonsense	To make water balloons.	To pick up poop	1
walking a dog	3	Did the dog pull a lot while they were walking or was it calm?	text	calm	The dog pulled in the direction he wanted to go.	1
walking a dog	4	When did they walk the dog?	text	When the dog was tired and lying on the floor.	When the dog was excited and running around the house.	1
walking a dog	5	Who walked the dog?	text	the narrator	dad	0
taking the underground	0	Did they sit or stand?	text	They stand for the ride.	They are sitting.	1
taking the underground	1	How often did they take the train?	text	never	every day of the work week	1
taking the underground	2	Why didn't they walk?	commonsense	It was too cold to walk outside.	Because it is too far.	1
taking the underground	3	Have they ever ridden a subway?	text	Yes, they ride it to work.	No, they take the bus to work.	0
taking the underground	4	Did they see anyone that they knew on the train?	commonsense	Yes, he knew several riders.	It does not appear so.	1
taking the underground	5	Were there other passengers on the train?	text	Yes, there are other passengers.	No, they ride the train alone.	0
washing clothes	0	What kind of detergent did they use?	text	pods	liquid detergent	1
washing clothes	1	Who washed the clothes?	text	narrator	their mom	0
washing clothes	2	Where did they put the clothes after they got done washing them?	commonsense	put them away in the drawers or closet	In the hamper, wet.	0
washing clothes	3	Where did they do the laundry?	text	the laundromat in town	in their laundry room	1
washing clothes	4	Who helped with washing the clothes?	commonsense	no one	their cousin	0
washing clothes	5	Why did they add soap?	commonsense	They didn't	To get their clothes clean.	1
washing clothes	6	How long did it take to wash the clothes?	text	three hours	45 minutes.	1
washing clothes	7	What did they do first?	text	collected all the dirty clothes	got the quarters	0
washing clothes	8	Were the clothes dirty?	text	Yes they were worn and dirty.	No, they had just been dry cleaned.	0
planting a tree	0	Did the tree have leaves?	commonsense	Yes	The young tree had no leaves	0
planting a tree	1	What kind of tree are they planting?	text	orange	Apple tree	1
planting a tree	2	Who planted the tree?	text	Someone from the nursery	The author	1
planting a tree	3	How big is the tree?	text	6ft	10 foot	0
planting a tree	4	How was the tree planted?	text	Someone was hired	Author planted by hand	1
planting a tree	5	Where will they plant the tree?	text	In the front yard	In their backyard	1
planting a tree	6	Was the tree planted in the daytime?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planting a tree	7	What kind of tree was planted?	text	Apple tree	Pear tree	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	What did they use to heat the food?	text	Their microwave.	Their gas stove.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	How long did it take to cook?	text	"in no time"	In a long time	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Was it leftover from home or takeout?	text	leftover takeout	leftover from home	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Why do you need to have a flame to cook?	commonsense	To heat the food	To keep it cold	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Were they heating it for themselves or someone else?	text	For someone else	themselves	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	How long did it take to heat the food?	text	in no time	A long time	0
heating food on kitchen gas	6	were they in a kitchen?	commonsense	no	Yes, they did.	1
getting a haircut	0	Who is getting a haircut?	text	Ted	The 4 year old	1
getting a haircut	1	Who cut their hair?	text	Their favorite barber	His mother	0
getting a haircut	2	How long did the haircut take?	text	1 hour	Fifteen minutes.	1
planting a tree	0	What did they use to plant the tree?	commonsense	Their bare hands	A shovel	1
planting a tree	1	Why did they want to plant the tree?	text	To make the new school look nicer	For Earth Day	0
planting a tree	2	Will children be able to climb the tree?	commonsense	Yes they can climb it now	Not yet	1
planting a tree	3	How big was the tree that they planted?	text	1 ft	10  feet	0
planting a tree	4	Where did they plant the tree?	text	Behind the new school building	a new school yard	1
planting a tree	5	What tools were needed to help plant the tree?	commonsense	a drill	shovels	1
planting a tree	6	Where was the tree planted?	text	a schoolyard	Behind the new school building	0
planting a tree	7	What type of tree is it?	text	An apple tree	a pine tree	1
planting a tree	8	Why did they plant the tree?	text	to adorn a new school yard	For Earth Day	0
visiting a doctor	0	Why did they talk to the receptionist?	commonsense	To sign in	To make the next appointment.	0
visiting a doctor	1	Were they mad?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
visiting a doctor	2	How long was the appointment?	commonsense	2 Hours	30 Minutes	1
cleaning the floor	0	How did the floor look afterward?	commonsense	Still dirty	Very clean	1
cleaning the floor	1	Who cleaned the floor?	text	My brother did.	The speaker	1
cleaning the floor	2	Did they know what they were doing?	commonsense	Yes	No because refrigerator fell over	0
cleaning the floor	3	When did they start cleaning the floor?	text	Before the countertops	After the countertops	1
cleaning the floor	4	Why did they have to clean the floor?	commonsense	Someone spilled a drink	The floor just needs regular cleaning	1
cleaning the floor	5	why is the floor dirty?	commonsense	Wear and tear.	A friend with 3 St. Bernards visited	0
making soup	0	How long did the soup take to cook?	text	three hours	45 min once all the ingredient were in	1
making soup	1	Was there meat in the soup?	text	no, it's vegetable soup	yes	0
making soup	2	Did they cut up ingredients beforehand?	text	yes	No.	0
making soup	3	Was the soup good?	text	yes	no	0
making soup	4	Do they need chicken from the store?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
making soup	5	Who were they making the soup for?	text	Themselves.	their neighbors	0
making soup	6	Where was the soup made?	commonsense	Home	Restaurant	0
making soup	7	Did anyone help make the soup?	text	Yes	No	0
making soup	8	Did more than one person eat soup?	text	No one ate the soup.	yes	1
making scrambled eggs	0	have they ever made one before?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
making scrambled eggs	1	How long did it take for them to prepare the scrambled egg mixture?	text	Quickly	about 10 minutes	0
making scrambled eggs	2	Where were the egg shells put?	commonsense	Garbage bag	on the plates	0
making scrambled eggs	3	what kind of eggs were used?	commonsense	White	duck eggs	0
making scrambled eggs	4	Were the scrambled eggs hot?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
making scrambled eggs	5	Did they eat the eggs from a plate or a bowl?	text	Bowl	Plate	1
making scrambled eggs	6	Why did they crack the eggs?	commonsense	to eat the shells	to get the eggs out	1
making scrambled eggs	7	What meal was this?	text	Breakfast	Dinner	0
making scrambled eggs	8	How did they crack the eggs?	commonsense	against the edge of the bowl	with a fork	0
making scrambled eggs	9	How did the eggs taste?	commonsense	bad	Delicious	1
making scrambled eggs	10	Why use a spatula?	text	to eat the eggs	to stir the eggs while they cook	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	Who cleaned the bathroom?	text	The speaker	The maid cleaned the bathroom.	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	How often is the bathroom the cleaned?	text	Once a week	Several times a week	1
cleaning the bathroom	2	Did it take more than 5 minutes?	commonsense	No it took less than 5 minutes.	Yes	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	Did they remember to wipe down the mirror?	text	No they forgot the mirror.	Yes they wiped down the mirror.	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	How did the bathroom get dirty?	commonsense	everyday use	a party	0
cleaning the bathroom	5	What did they use to clean the bathroom floor?	text	a broom and a mop	hot water only	0
feeding the fish	0	Did the fish eat all the fish food?	commonsense	No, it fell to the bottom of the tank.	Yes, they gobbled it up.	1
feeding the fish	1	Why did the fish need to be fed?	commonsense	it was the usual time	it was looking hungry	0
feeding the fish	2	Did the fish eat everything it was given?	commonsense	No, the food sunk to the bottom of the tank.	Yes, they gobbled up the food	1
changing a baby diaper	0	When was the diaper changed?	text	first thing in the morning	In the evening	0
changing a baby diaper	1	Where did the diaper get changed?	text	The kitchen table.	On the changing pad	1
changing a baby diaper	2	Do they have the right size of diaper for the baby?	commonsense	Yes they fit	No they were too little	0
changing a baby diaper	3	How did they put on the diaper?	text	By putting the diaper under his butt and attaching the front to the sticky tabs	Put it over him	0
changing a baby diaper	4	Why was the baby happy once their diaper had been changed?	commonsense	The baby liked the color of the diaper.	Because a dirty diaper is uncomfortable	1
changing a baby diaper	5	Where did they change the baby's diaper?	text	on the floor	On the changing pad	1
changing a baby diaper	6	What did they do with the soiled diaper?	text	throw the soiled diaper in the garbage	keep it in their room	0
changing a baby diaper	7	When did the baby need a diaper change?	text	When it's diaper was full	When it's diaper was clean	0
changing a baby diaper	8	Who changed the babies diapers?	commonsense	His neighbor	The mom or dad.	1
changing a baby diaper	9	Did the baby want to get changed?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
driving a car	0	Were they going somewhere in the car?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
driving a car	1	Did they use their phone during the drive?	text	No	Yes	0
making tea	0	Was it iced tea or hot tea?	text	Iced Tea	Hot Tea	1
making tea	1	Where did they drink the tea?	text	At School	At home	1
making tea	2	do they like it hot or cold?	text	cold	hot	1
making tea	3	How long did it take to boil or microwave the water?	text	A day	About 10 min	1
making tea	4	How long did it take to boil the water?	text	A few hours	About 10 min	1
making tea	5	What did they do right before making tea?	text	They picked up the tea from the store	Cooled a pot of water	0
papering a room	0	Did they get the job done in one day?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
papering a room	1	What did they use to cut the paper?	commonsense	Teeth	They most likely use scissors.	1
papering a room	2	Did more than one person paper the room?	commonsense	Yes, the narrator and his friend papered the room.	No	1
papering a room	3	Who papered the room?	text	The narrator.	The wallpaper salesperson.	0
papering a room	4	What tools did they use?	commonsense	knife, tape measure	They used a spatula to flatten the wallpaper.	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Why were they happy when they finished vacuuming the room?	text	Because they were tired.	a job well done	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	Did the vacuum make noise?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	How long did it take?	text	2 hours	It took them 45 minutes to vacuum the carpet.	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Did they see the dirt on the carpet?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	How did they turn on the vacuum?	commonsense	unplugging it	They switched the on button to on.	1
vacuuming the carpet	5	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	it didn't say.	narrator	1
laying flooring in a room	0	Why did they use cement?	text	to secure the tiles to the floor	because they didn't have glue	0
laying flooring in a room	1	Who will be helping them?	text	contractor	friends and family	1
laying flooring in a room	2	Who was laying flooring?	text	Hired help	Owners, friends and family	1
laying flooring in a room	3	Why did they need new flooring?	commonsense	because the carpets were old	because they wanted wood floors	0
laying flooring in a room	4	How long have they been planning the project?	text	for a few months	a few days	0
laying flooring in a room	5	who lays down the flooring?	text	Owners, friends and family	contractor	0
laying flooring in a room	6	How did they know how much to get?	commonsense	they measured it	they guessed	0
laying flooring in a room	7	How long will it take?	text	a few days	a few hours	0
going to the dentist	0	Why were they there?	text	Their tooth hurt.	To get a cavity filled	0
going to the dentist	1	When is their appointment at the dentist?	text	Later the same day	The next day.	0
going to the dentist	2	Why did they have to go see the dentist?	text	their tooth was hurting	it was time for their cleaning	0
going to the dentist	3	When was their next appointment?	text	The following week	next month	0
driving a car	0	Why were they going where they were going?	text	no reason	they had to work	1
driving a car	1	When were they driving?	text	at night	morning	1
driving a car	2	Did they drive the car in the morning?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
taking a photograph	0	How many people were in the photo?	text	1	none	1
taking a photograph	1	Who was taking the pictures?	text	my mom	the author	1
taking a photograph	2	What was the subject of the photo doing?	text	the sun was setting	dancing in the sky	0
taking a photograph	3	Did they only take one picture?	text	Yes	No, they take multiple pictures.	1
taking a photograph	4	Was it dark when they took the photograph?	commonsense	No, the sun was setting.	yes, it was dark out	0
boiling milk	0	How many cups of milk did they boil?	text	Two cups.	22	0
boiling milk	1	Did the milk get scalded?	text	No it didn't.	Yes it did.	0
boiling milk	2	What was the boiled milk for?	text	Jess and his father to drink	to cook with	0
boiling milk	3	Do they like boiled milk?	text	no they hate it	Yes they do.	1
boiling milk	4	Can kids help boil the milk?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
boiling milk	6	What level of heat did they boil the milk over?	text	They boil the milk over medium	High heat.	0
boiling milk	7	Who will drink the milk once it's boiled?	text	no one will drink	Jess and his dad	1
boiling milk	8	How much milk were they boiling?	text	enough for two	Four cups.	0
boiling milk	9	Where did they boil the milk?	commonsense	Kitchen.	In the microwave.	0
preparing a picnic	0	What kind of drinks will they have?	text	Soda	They brought water.	1
preparing a picnic	1	How are they getting to the location?	text	There are driving in the car.	They are walking	1
preparing a picnic	2	What did they put the picnic stuff in?	text	They put everything in a basket.	They put everything in a cooler.	0
preparing a picnic	3	Where did they eat the picnic?	text	At a park near their house	On a bench in the center of the city	0
preparing a picnic	4	How is the weather going to be for the picnic?	text	It rained	The weather was going to be very nice	1
preparing a picnic	5	Who was present?	text	The narrator and their family.	The narrator and his friends	0
washing dishes	0	How many people washed the dishes?	commonsense	one	4	0
washing dishes	1	Did they wash the dishes in the sink or in a dish washer?	text	Dishwasher	in the sink	1
washing dishes	2	What did they do with any food that was left on any dishes?	commonsense	Rinsed away.	Leave it on	0
washing dishes	3	What did they use to dry the dishes?	text	a towel	a drying dock	1
washing dishes	4	Where did they put the dishes after they were dry?	text	Drying Dock	in the dishwasher	0
washing dishes	6	Who was helping do the dishes?	commonsense	no one	A Neighbor	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Do they regularly use the dishwasher?	commonsense	No they do not.	Yes they do.	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	Why did they unload the dishwasher instead of waiting a while longer?	text	They wanted to finish their chores.	They needed to put them up before company came over.	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	Was the party at someone's house?	text	No it was at the park.	Theirs.	1
unloading the dishwasher	3	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	the narrator	their parents	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	How many people were unloading the dishwasher?	text	Two.	Just one.	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	What did they take out first from the dishwasher?	text	drinking glasses	Plates	0
flying in a plane	0	Why do people need to check in	commonsense	buy tickets	confirm identity	1
flying in a plane	1	Why were they taking this flight?	text	to go to Mexico	business	0
flying in a plane	2	Were they going to a place that required having a passport?	commonsense	no	yes	1
repairing a bicycle	0	Who fixed the bicycle?	text	they did	repairman	0
repairing a bicycle	1	Where is the bicycle being repaired?	text	At the repair shop	home	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Why did they wash their hair?	commonsense	To clean it	They like wet hair	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Why were they washing their hair?	commonsense	It's dirty	To get it wet	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Where did they wash their hair?	text	The sink	In the shower.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	3	What time of day did they wash their hair?	text	Late at night	In the morning	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did they wash their hair because it was dirty?	commonsense	Assuming yes	No, they washed it because they wanted to go to work with wet hair.	0
changing a baby diaper	0	where do they put the dirty diapers?	text	In the kitchen trash can.	In the diaper disposal bin.	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Did they throw away the old diaper?	text	No, they saved it.	Yes, they threw it out.	1
changing a baby diaper	2	How long until they have to change the diaper again?	commonsense	Less than a day	The diaper must be changed every fifteen minutes.	0
changing a baby diaper	3	How did they know the diaper needed to be changed?	text	They could smell it.	the baby told them so	0
changing a baby diaper	4	How old was the baby being changed?	text	6 months old.	6 weeks	0
changing a baby diaper	5	Did they use disposable or cloth diapers?	text	They used disposable diapers.	Cloth diapers.	0
changing a baby diaper	6	Do they have the right size of diaper for the baby?	commonsense	Yes	no	0
changing a baby diaper	7	Did the baby soil their previous diaper?	text	No, their diaper was clean.	Yes,they soiled the diaper.	1
changing a baby diaper	8	Who helped them change the baby's diaper?	text	no one else helped	The baby's mom	0
changing a baby diaper	9	What did they use to clean the baby?	text	Windex	baby wipe	1
changing a baby diaper	10	Was the baby wearing pants over the diaper?	text	Yes, they had jeans on.	No, they were wearing a onesie.	1
changing a baby diaper	11	How did they make the baby comfortable during the changing?	text	They laid down a changing mat.	They put the baby on a pillow.	0
changing a baby diaper	12	Why did they have to change the diaper?	text	the baby colored on it	Diaper soiled	1
taking a bath	0	Did they use bubble bath?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a bath	1	Did they get clean?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a bath	2	Where was the bath taken?	text	At home	In a spa	0
taking a bath	3	Was it a hot bath?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a bath	5	Was it a bubble bath?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a bath	6	What kind of bath product did they use?	text	Mango scented bubble bath	shampoo	0
taking a bath	7	Did they use soap in the bath?	text	Yes	No	0
making breakfast	0	Where was the breakfast made?	text	nowhere	their kitchen	1
making breakfast	1	What kind of utensils were used?	commonsense	knife, spoon, spatula	Blender	0
making breakfast	2	Was the food tasty?	text	no	yes	1
making breakfast	3	Who was the cook?	text	no one	The author	1
making breakfast	4	Who all ate the breakfast?	text	no one	The author	1
making breakfast	5	Who prepared the food?	text	The chef.	they did	1
walking a dog	0	How was the walk?	commonsense	bad	Fun	1
walking a dog	1	Were they walking around the neighborhood?	text	yes	no	1
walking a dog	2	Can they take the leash off?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
walking a dog	3	How did the dog behave?	commonsense	Very well	Very poorly	0
walking a dog	4	Did they use a leash to walk the dog?	text	Yes	No	0
walking a dog	5	Who walked the dog?	text	the narrator	the dog sitter	0
walking a dog	6	Was the dog excited to go on the walk?	text	no	yes	1
walking a dog	7	Why did they walk the dog?	commonsense	so the dog could go to the bathroom	Dogs hate walks	0
cooking pasta	0	Why did they cook pasta instead of something else?	text	They made it for a party.	The person telling the story wanted to learn how to make it.	1
cooking pasta	1	When did they put the pasta in the water?	text	As soon as they put the pot on the stove.	After it started boiling.	1
cooking pasta	2	How did the pasta taste?	commonsense	great	Bad	0
cooking pasta	3	Where did they cook the pasta?	commonsense	In the oven	Kitchen.	1
cooking pasta	4	what flavors are they using?	commonsense	Just cheese added at the end	pumpkin	0
cooking pasta	5	why are they cooking it?	text	No other food was left in the house	That is what the main character wanted	1
cooking pasta	6	How did they know when to put the pasta in the water?	text	When the water boiled	when the timer beeped	0
cooking pasta	7	How did they cook the pasta?	text	They boiled water and put the noodles in	In the microwave, it was a frozen dinner	0
cooking pasta	8	Did they make the pasta for dinner?	text	No, they made it for breakfast.	Yes, they made it for dinner.	1
cooking pasta	9	Why did they make pasta?	text	That is what the main character wanted	It was for a baby shower.	0
cooking pasta	10	How many times did they cook pasta?	commonsense	Every day at 5pm	once	1
cooking pasta	11	Where were they cooking pasta?	commonsense	space	Kitchen.	1
cooking pasta	12	Were they at a restaurant?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
cooking pasta	13	Did they salt the water?	commonsense	No, they did not.	Yes, they added a lot of salt.	0
mowing the lawn	0	Why did they need to mow the lawn?	text	the grass was too long	it was Saturday and they always cut the grass on Saturdays	0
mowing the lawn	1	Was the grass very long before they mowed the lawn?	commonsense	No, it was short	Yes	1
mowing the lawn	2	Did they have a helper?	text	no	yes, Alan	0
mowing the lawn	3	Where did they find the mower?	text	The shed	The basement	0
mowing the lawn	4	Who mowed the grass?	text	Greg	the mom	0
mowing the lawn	5	Did they use a riding mower or a push mower?	text	push mower	riding mower	0
cooking pasta	0	Did they put sauce on the pasta?	text	no	yes, Alfredo	1
cooking pasta	1	What flavor was the sauce?	text	tomato	Shrimp Alfredo	1
cooking pasta	2	How many people did they serve the pasta to?	commonsense	just themselves	They made it for their whole family.	0
cooking pasta	3	Why did they turn off the stove?	commonsense	Did not want to start a fire.	They tasted the pasta and it was perfect and could be drained.	1
cooking pasta	4	What kind of pasta noodles were they using?	text	macaroni	angel hair pasta	1
cooking pasta	5	were they in a kitchen?	commonsense	No, they ordered take out.	Yes, they were cooking a special meal.	1
cooking pasta	6	how was the pasta cooked?	text	They boiled the water and dropped the pasta in for 7 minutes.	They placed the pasta in a baking dish with sauce and cheese and baked it in the oven.	0
cooking pasta	7	How long did it take for the pasta to cook?	text	About ten minutes.	seven minutes maybe a little more	1
cooking pasta	8	What type or kind of pasta did they cook?	text	linguine pasta	angel hair pasta	1
changing a light bulb	0	When did they replace the light bulb?	commonsense	Within a few minutes	A week after the light went out	0
changing a light bulb	1	How did they make sure the new light bulb worked?	commonsense	They turned it on	By shaking it	0
changing a light bulb	2	How did they reach the light bulb?	text	With a chair	footstool	1
changing a light bulb	3	Who changed the bulb?	text	The main character	The neighbor	0
changing a light bulb	4	How long was the room dark before they changed the light bulb?	commonsense	a couple days	a couple minutes	1
changing a light bulb	5	How quickly did they change the light bulb?	commonsense	In a day	couple minutes	1
changing a light bulb	6	Was it dark out when they changed the light bulb?	commonsense	yes	no	0
changing a light bulb	7	Where did they get the light bulb?	text	The kitchen drawer	From the supply closet	1
changing a light bulb	8	Where did they keep the spare bulbs?	text	In the bathroom	The supply closet	1
changing a light bulb	9	What room are they in?	text	The kitchen	The spare bedroom	0
fueling a car	0	How much fuel did they buy?	text	30 gallons	a tanks full	1
fueling a car	1	When did they fill up the fuel?	text	On their way out for the night.	On their way home from work.	1
fueling a car	2	Why did they need more fuel?	text	It was on sale.	They were almost out of gas.	1
fueling a car	3	Was anyone washing the windows of their car while pumping gas?	commonsense	No, they didn't wash the windows.	Yes, they washed their windows.	0
fueling a car	4	Who was driving the car?	text	The narrator's dad	The author.	1
fueling a car	5	How long did it take to fuel the car?	commonsense	About an hour	It takes around five minutes.	1
fueling a car	6	Why did they put fuel in the car?	text	Because they like the smell of it.	Because they were almost out of fuel.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	when did they wash their hair?	text	In the evening after work.	In the morning before going to work. .	1
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Was the water hot or  warm?	text	The water was hot.	warm	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	What was used to wash their hair?	text	body wash	conditioner and shampoo	1
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Who was washing their hair?	text	their mom	The narrator.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did they need a lot of towels to dry their hair?	text	She used two towels.	just one	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	What time of day did they wash their hair?	text	evening	In the morning.	1
feeding a cat	0	does the cat enjoy it's food?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
feeding a cat	1	What did the cat drink after eating the food?	text	water	milk	0
feeding a cat	2	How did they feed the cat?	commonsense	They poured the cat food into it's bowl.	The dumped the cat's food on the floor.	0
feeding a cat	3	who fed it?	commonsense	A next door friend	the owner/author	1
feeding a cat	4	Why did they decide to feed the cat?	text	The cat was meowing	The dishes were empty.	1
feeding a cat	5	Why did they need to open the food?	commonsense	To feed the dog.	To get it out to use.	1
feeding a cat	6	Why did they feed the cat at that time?	commonsense	They noticed the bowls were empty.	It was lunch time.	0
changing a baby diaper	0	Did they complain about the diaper changing?	text	Yes, he complained.	no	1
changing a baby diaper	1	what time did they change it?	text	During the afternoon	Night time.	1
changing a baby diaper	2	What was happening before the diaper change?	text	They were eating breakfast	They were sleeping	1
changing a baby diaper	3	Where were the diapers kept?	text	In the dresser drawer	Diapers were kept in the closet.	1
changing a baby diaper	4	How long did it take to change the baby?	commonsense	It took about three hours.	a few minutes	1
changing a baby diaper	5	Was the diaper very dirty?	commonsense	Yes, since it was full, it most likely was very dirty.	No, it was not very full.	0
changing a baby diaper	6	Do they have the right size of diaper for the baby?	commonsense	Yes, it must be the right size because it was not mentioned otherwise.	No, there were no diapers of the correct size left.	0
changing a baby diaper	7	Who else was there when they changed the baby's diaper?	commonsense	The baby's grandparents were also there.	No one else was there or they would have been mentioned.	1
changing a baby diaper	8	Where was the baby changed?	text	On the bed	On a changing table	0
changing a baby diaper	9	Why does the diaper need to be changed?	text	Diaper is full.	Diaper was torn.	0
making a shopping list	0	What did they need to get?	text	food, toiletries, school supplies	Only snacks for school	0
making a shopping list	1	Did they make it before going to the store?	text	Yes, they made the list before shopping.	No, they made it after shopping.	0
making a shopping list	2	What would happen if they didn't make a list?	commonsense	they would be in trouble	they could forget something	1
making a shopping list	3	What was on the list?	text	They only needed dog food.	food, toiletries, school supplies	1
washing dishes	0	why do they wash the dishes	commonsense	Because they ran out of dishes.	they were dirty	1
washing dishes	1	How long did it take them to wash the dishes?	commonsense	Not long	A long time	0
washing dishes	2	Were there a lot of dishes?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	3	Who is doing the drying of the dishes?	text	the story teller	the air	1
washing dishes	4	How many people washed the dishes?	text	One	Two	0
washing dishes	5	Did they wash the dishes in the sink or in a dish washer?	text	dishwasher	in the sink	1
washing dishes	6	Did anyone help?	text	No	Yes	0
washing dishes	7	What did they use to clean the dishes?	text	Dish soap/ Hot water/rag	regular soap	0
washing dishes	8	Where did they wash the dishes?	text	The sink in the bathroom	in the kitchen sink	1
washing dishes	9	How long did it take to wash the dishes?	commonsense	A long time	Not long	1
making coffee	0	Who were they serving?	text	Others.	themselves	1
making coffee	1	who made the coffee?	text	they did	no one	0
making coffee	2	How much coffee did they make?	text	One cup.	Four cups.	0
making coffee	3	Who poured the coffee?	text	no one	they did	1
making coffee	4	What did they use to make the coffee?	text	a coffee maker	a microwave	0
making coffee	5	Were they at home or someplace else?	text	Home	Someplace else	0
making coffee	6	Did anyone ask for coffee?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
making coffee	7	How long did it take to make?	text	More than 5 minutes	Ten minutes	0
painting a wall	0	What color were the walls painted?	text	yellow	turquoise	1
painting a wall	1	Was the wall in a house?	commonsense	No it was outside.	Yes	1
painting a wall	2	Who painted the wall?	text	they all took turns	no one	0
painting a wall	3	Did they use painter's tape?	text	Yes	No	0
painting a wall	4	Where was the wall located?	text	in the house	the bathroom	0
making a shopping list	0	When did they start on the list?	text	Every month	Before they were going to go shopping	1
making a shopping list	1	How did they make the list?	text	by hand	typing on the computer	0
making a shopping list	2	When did they go?	commonsense	after making the list	before they made the list	0
making a shopping list	3	Why make a list?	text	to remember items you need	so they know when they can buy extra things	0
making a shopping list	4	Was the list well organized?	text	Yes	No	0
making a shopping list	5	Did they like most of the things on the shopping list?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making a shopping list	6	Who wrote the list?	text	the author	The parents of the storyteller	0
making a shopping list	7	Why are they making a list of items?	text	for the fun of it	to prevent buying excess junk	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Who were they making it for?	text	To drink with pancakes.	All the family	1
making fresh orange juice	1	How long did it take to make the orange juice?	commonsense	It took 3 minutes.	About an hour	1
making fresh orange juice	2	When did they make the orange juice?	text	Before a family picnic	Last year.	0
making fresh orange juice	3	Where were they making orange juice?	commonsense	At home	Bathroom	0
making fresh orange juice	4	Why did they want to make orange juice?	text	For the picnic.	To drink with pancakes.	0
making fresh orange juice	5	What did they do after making the juice?	text	They drank all of the juice.	They asked their mom to test it.	1
making fresh orange juice	6	How did they get the juice out of the orange?	text	They used a juicer	They used a blender.	1
answering the doorbell	0	Who rung the doorbell?	text	the mailman	The neighbors	0
answering the doorbell	1	Do you know who rang the doorbell?	text	Neighbors	the mailman	1
answering the doorbell	2	Who was at the door?	text	Neighbors	the mailman	1
answering the doorbell	3	Do they want to come inside?	text	Yes	No	1
answering the doorbell	4	Did they shut the door in the person's face?	text	No	Yes	0
answering the doorbell	5	What did they do after it rang?	text	Did not answer it.	kept the chain on but answered it	1
answering the doorbell	6	What time of day was it?	text	Morning	Evening	0
answering the doorbell	7	When did someone ring the doorbell?	text	Evening	Morning	1
answering the doorbell	8	Did they answer the door?	text	no, they hid	yes	1
answering the doorbell	9	When did they hear the doorbell ring?	text	In the afternoon	In the morning	1
answering the doorbell	0	How many times was the doorbell rung?	commonsense	Three times	Once	1
answering the doorbell	1	What did they do after answering the door?	text	Let the meter reader in around back	Went to sleep	0
answering the doorbell	2	Were they expecting company?	text	No, they weren't.	Yes, they were.	0
answering the doorbell	3	Are they an expected visitor?	text	They were not expected	Yes they were expected	0
answering the doorbell	4	Was the person a relative?	text	No, it was the gas man.	Yes, it was their sister.	0
answering the doorbell	5	Who rang the doorbell?	text	Guy from the gas company	The pizza guy.	0
answering the doorbell	6	When did they hear the bell ring?	text	While knitting a scarf.	After the first ring	1
answering the doorbell	7	What were they doing when the bell rang?	text	Reading a book.	Swimming in the pool	0
making toasted bread	0	Where did they make the toast?	text	the toaster	in the oven	0
making toasted bread	1	When were they making toast?	text	evening	in the morning	1
making toasted bread	2	Who made the toasted bread?	text	Husband	the narrator	1
making toasted bread	3	Who is toasting the bread?	text	the narrator	their children	0
making toasted bread	4	How long did toasting take?	text	A long time	Not very long	1
making toasted bread	5	How long was the toast toasted?	text	Not very long	A long time	0
making toasted bread	6	What did they put the toast on?	text	each plate	floor	0
making toasted bread	7	Was it in the morning?	text	yes	it was afternoon	0
making toasted bread	8	How did they know when the toaster was finished?	commonsense	toast burnt	The toast pops up	1
cooking fish	0	What did they use to cook the fish?	text	frying pan	campfire	0
cooking fish	1	Were they cooking it at home?	text	Yes	no, at a restaurant	0
cooking fish	2	How did they season the fish?	text	salt and pepper	lemon, garlic, and pepper	1
cooking fish	3	Was this being cooked for dinner?	text	No, it was not.	Yes, it was.	1
cooking fish	4	For how many people were they cooking fish?	text	Two people.	4	0
cooking fish	5	why were they cooking fish?	text	They wanted to eat fish.	For lunch	0
cooking fish	6	What side dish did they make with the fish?	text	Mashed potatoes and salad.	French fries and ketchup.	0
cooking fish	7	Where did the fish come from?	text	the fish counter at the grocery store	we caught it	0
cooking fish	8	Was it cooked for lunch, breakfast, or dinner?	text	It was being cooked for lunch.	It was being cooked for dinner.	1
cooking fish	9	Why did they want to eat the fish?	commonsense	they were hungry	For the Omega 3	0
preparing dinner	0	Are they a good cook?	commonsense	yes, they are	no, they aren't	0
preparing dinner	1	Where is the dinner being prepared?	commonsense	in the living room	Kitchen.	1
preparing dinner	2	How long did the food have to be in the oven?	text	16 minutes.	30 minutes.	0
preparing dinner	3	Did the food stay fresh?	commonsense	No, it went bad	Yes, it was fresh	1
preparing dinner	4	How long did it take?	commonsense	More than an hour.	Less than an hour.	1
preparing dinner	5	Was this dinner special?	commonsense	yes	no	1
preparing dinner	6	On what cooking device are they cooking the dinner?	text	grill	stove and oven	1
preparing dinner	7	What was the dinner?	text	hamburger and fries	eggs and bacon	0
preparing dinner	8	Was the food good?	commonsense	no, it wasn't	yes, it was	1
preparing dinner	9	who is cooking dinner?	text	the author	A dinner guest.	0
making fresh orange juice	0	How did the orange juice taste?	text	horrible	Great.	1
making fresh orange juice	1	Where did they get the oranges from?	text	The food bank.	Grocery store.	0
making fresh orange juice	2	Who ran the juicer?	text	no one	Parent	1
making fresh orange juice	3	When did they drink that orange juice?	text	after it was cold in the fridge	Right after it was made	1
making fresh orange juice	4	Will they make juice again?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Where did they put the juice when they were done making it?	text	In a pitcher in the fridge	glass	0
making fresh orange juice	6	Where did the oranges come from?	text	grocery store	Food bank.	1
making a shopping list	0	Why were they writing the list now?	commonsense	they don't like to be prepared when shopping	So they would be ready.	1
making a shopping list	1	Why did they write the list?	text	They like making lists.	To keep from forgetting.	1
making a shopping list	2	What did they use to write?	commonsense	they typed it out	a pen or pencil	1
making a shopping list	3	Did they give the list to anyone?	text	Yes they did.	No,they kept it.	1
making a shopping list	4	When did they go to the store?	text	during the weekend	That night.	0
making a shopping list	5	What is on the list?	text	All the things the children have asked for	food items and other supplies	1
making a shopping list	6	How did they make the list?	text	In alphabetical order.	By what they needed.	1
making a shopping list	7	Who wrote the list?	text	The person telling the story	The storyteller's wife	0
making a shopping list	8	Why did they write down 	text	To make sure they got all the things they needed for the week	Because they like to write	0
making a shopping list	10	Did they check sales ads first?	text	Yes	No.	0
making a shopping list	11	Did anyone help to make it?	text	Yes	Nobody helped.	1
making a shopping list	12	When did they make the list?	text	Before they are due to go shopping	When they reach the store	0
mowing the lawn	0	Was it difficult to mow the lawn?	commonsense	no, the author seemed to complete the task without difficulty	yes, the author mentioned many complications during the process	0
mowing the lawn	1	Was is a riding mower or a push-mower?	text	A push mower	A riding mower	0
mowing the lawn	2	How did they mow a pattern into the lawn?	text	went in a circular fashion	By making straight lines with the mower	0
mowing the lawn	3	Who mowed the grass?	text	The father of the storyteller	the narrator	1
mowing the lawn	4	Did they have a helper?	commonsense	no, another person was not mentioned in the text	yes, the neighbor helped	0
mowing the lawn	5	How many people were mowing the lawn?	text	1	3	0
mowing the lawn	6	Why did they need to mow the lawn?	text	The lawn was getting long and untidy	it was brown and dry	0
going on a train	0	Where were they traveling to?	text	Disney World	Uncle's house	1
going on a train	2	What did they bring with them?	text	nothing at all	Suitcases, books, cards	1
going on a train	3	Who boarded the train?	text	the narrator and family	Uncle and Aunt	0
making coffee	0	When did they want the coffee?	text	After waking up.	afternoon	0
making coffee	1	What time were they making coffee?	text	in the evening	in the morning	1
making coffee	3	where was the coffee made?	text	coffee shop	At their house.	1
making coffee	4	Did they use coffee beans or ground coffee?	text	ground coffee	coffee beans	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Why did they vacuum the carpet?	commonsense	To clean up dirt in the kitchen	It was dirty	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	Who helped them vacuum the carpet	text	their children	no one	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	Did they vacuum the whole carpet?	commonsense	yes	No only part of it	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	When did they start vacuuming?	commonsense	Yesterday	Today	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	In which room did they vacuum the carpet?	text	every room	the living room only	0
vacuuming the carpet	5	How often did they vacuum?	text	more than once a week	once a month	0
vacuuming the carpet	6	Are they going to vacuum the whole house?	commonsense	No, only two rooms.	Yes, most of it.	1
visiting relatives	0	Did they have a good time with the relatives?	text	no , it wasn't fun	yes, it was fun	1
visiting relatives	1	Who were they visiting?	text	Their aunt	their cousin	0
visiting relatives	2	Which relatives did they visit?	text	their aunt	Grandparents	0
visiting relatives	3	How are they getting to the location?	text	driving	rode the bus	0
visiting relatives	4	Who was there?	text	aunt and story teller	their sister	0
visiting relatives	5	Did they bring the relatives presents?	commonsense	No	yes	0
ordering a pizza	0	How many pizzas were ordered?	text	2	ten	0
ordering a pizza	1	Did they order anything else?	text	no	yes soda	1
ordering a pizza	2	Who ordered the pizza?	text	mother	the kids	0
ordering a pizza	3	Why did they order pizza?	text	a party	they were hungry and she didn't want to cook	1
ordering a pizza	4	How long did the delivery take?	text	About 30 minutes	About one hour	0
ordering a pizza	5	Did they eat at the restaurant?	text	no in home only	yes	0
ordering a pizza	6	Who did they speak to to order the pizza?	text	the owner of that Domino's	They ordered online	1
ordering a pizza	7	When did the pizza arrive?	text	30 minutes after ordering	An hour after ordering	0
ordering a pizza	8	When did they decide to order a pizza?	text	at 12	when they were hungry	1
feeding the fish	0	What do the fish eat?	text	Worms.	fish food	1
feeding the fish	1	How long did it take to feed the fish?	commonsense	all day long	a minute or two	1
feeding the fish	2	Where are the fish located?	text	in a bowl of water	in a fish tank	1
feeding the fish	4	Are they in different places or all together?	commonsense	in different tanks	Together.	1
feeding the fish	5	what kind of food do they eat?	text	worms	fish food flakes	1
feeding the fish	6	How did they feed the fish?	text	dumped the whole bottle in the tank	with hands	1
feeding the fish	7	Why did the fish eat the fish food?	commonsense	Hungry.	they were full	0
feeding the fish	8	Do they eat the same kind of food?	text	yes, he gave one pinch for each fish in the tank	no, each had it's own food	0
feeding the fish	9	Where was the fish food?	commonsense	in the kitchen	next to the tank	1
taking the underground	0	Why were they taking the underground?	commonsense	to go to the zoo	it's more efficient	1
taking the underground	1	How long did they wait for the train?	commonsense	Not long.	For hours.	0
taking the underground	2	Where were they taking the underground to?	text	To go home.	work	0
taking the underground	3	Which station were they going to?	commonsense	the one close to his house	the one close to work	0
taking the underground	4	Why were they traveling?	text	they were going home from work	To get to work	0
taking the underground	5	Did they sit or stand while traveling?	text	Everyone was sitting.	Bob stood.	1
making soup	0	What spices were in the soup?	text	there were none.	Salt and pepper.	1
making soup	1	Did the soup have vegetables in it?	text	yes	no	1
making soup	2	How did they season the soup?	text	Paprika and pepper.	with salt and pepper	1
making soup	3	How did the soup taste?	text	Very salty	Delicious.	1
making soup	4	How long did it take for the soup to boil?	text	About 15 minutes.	under 10 minutes	0
making soup	5	Why was the soup served in a bowl?	commonsense	they didn't put it in a bowl	To hold the liquid.	1
making soup	6	What type of bread did they eat with the soup?	text	none	crackers	1
making soup	7	How long did it take to make the soup?	text	It took awhile.	45 minutes	0
making soup	8	Who wanted to make soup?	text	no one	they did	1
making soup	9	Did they add salt to the soup?	text	yes	No.	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	Which library did that person borrow that book from?	text	The public library	school library	1
borrowing a book from the library	1	What book did they choose?	text	History books	Civil War books	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	What Library are they at?	text	Public Library	school library	1
borrowing a book from the library	3	Was anyone with them?	commonsense	No, research was done alone	Yes, it was a group project and their partner was there.	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	Where was the book?	text	Located in the history section	fiction section	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	What happens if they don't return the book in time?	commonsense	They pay a fine	They will never be notified that the book is due and get to keep it.	0
washing dishes	0	how did they dry the dishes afterwards?	text	Dish dryer.	With a soft towel.	1
washing dishes	1	What time did they start washing dishes?	text	Morning	Night/after dinner	1
washing dishes	2	How did they wash the dishes?	text	by hand	In the dishwasher.	0
washing dishes	3	Who washed the dishes?	text	the narrator	The storyteller's Mother.	0
washing dishes	4	Did they use a dishwasher?	text	No they did not.	Yes they did.	0
washing dishes	5	What did they do with any food that was left on any dishes?	commonsense	Threw it out.	Gave to dog.	0
washing dishes	6	Were they standing when washing the dishes?	commonsense	probably,  yes	No	0
washing dishes	7	Were they in a house?	commonsense	No they were not.	Yes they were.	1
washing dishes	8	How long did it take them to dry the dishes?	commonsense	Not long	Really long time.	0
washing dishes	9	Were they in a restaurant?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
washing dishes	10	Have they ever washed dishes before?	text	No they have not.	yes, every night	1
washing dishes	11	Did they wash dishes at home?	commonsense	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
taking the underground	0	How was the ride?	commonsense	bumpy	Fine	1
taking the underground	1	Why did they ride the underground?	text	It was the fastest way to go downtown.	it was the slowest way to get there	0
taking the underground	2	How long did they wait for the train?	text	not long	A few hours.	0
taking the underground	3	Was the underground full of people?	text	Yes there was.	No there was not.	0
taking the underground	4	How long did they wait at the station?	text	A few hours.	For a few minutes.	1
taking the underground	5	Do they think the underground is a good way to travel?	commonsense	No they do not.	Yes they do.	1
taking the underground	6	Where are they going on the train?	text	nowhere	Shopping downtown.	1
preparing a picnic	0	What was the weather like?	commonsense	It was cloudy with wind.	Sunny	1
preparing a picnic	1	Who is going to the picnic?	commonsense	some neighbors	author and someone else	1
preparing a picnic	2	Are they only packing food items?	text	No	Yes, they packed sandwiches, strawberries, chips and wine.	0
preparing a picnic	3	Did they go shopping to get things for the picnic?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
preparing a picnic	4	What type of carrier are they packing?	text	They used a basket.	Backpack	0
preparing a picnic	5	How did the food taste?	commonsense	good	It was not eaten.	0
laying flooring in a room	0	Who laid the flooring?	text	no one	they did	1
laying flooring in a room	1	What kind of flooring did they lay?	text	vinyl	tile	1
laying flooring in a room	2	What material was the flooring?	text	tile	wood	0
answering the doorbell	0	What were they doing when the bell rang?	text	Watching a scary movie.	Sleeping	0
answering the doorbell	1	How did they answer the door?	text	The opened the door normally	By shouting "Who is it?"	0
answering the doorbell	2	When did they hear the bell ring?	text	Day time	At night	1
answering the doorbell	3	Did they use the peephole?	text	Yes	No	1
feeding a cat	0	did they go with anyone?	text	Yes, a big group of people went to feed the cats	No, they did not.	1
feeding a cat	1	Did anyone help them feed the cat ?	text	yes, their friend	No.	1
feeding a cat	2	What kind of food did they give to the cat?	text	Tomato soup	dry cat food	0
feeding a cat	3	does the cat eat whenever it wants?	text	yes, food is left out all day	no, only when the author goes to feed it	1
feeding a cat	4	How was the food prepared?	text	It was cooked on the stove for hours	By opening the can and putting it in a bowl.	1
feeding a cat	5	Whose cat was it?	text	The storyteller's neighbor.	His best friend	0
feeding a cat	6	What color is the cat?	text	they were all black cats	They all had different colored fur	1
feeding a cat	7	How did they open the food?	commonsense	With a knife	With a can opener	1
taking a bath	0	Did they use bubble bath?	text	No, they did not use bubble bath.	Yes, they used bubble bath.	1
taking a bath	1	Did they play with a rubber ducky in the bath?	text	No, they read a book.	Yes, they played with a rubber ducky.	0
taking a bath	2	When did they get in the bath?	text	when it was full	tomorrow	0
taking a bath	3	How hot did they like their water?	commonsense	They liked their water cold.	warmish	1
taking a bath	4	Did they wash their hair in the bath?	text	Yes, they did wash their hair.	No, they did not wash their hair.	1
taking a bath	5	Did they drink anything while bathing?	text	No, they did not drink anything.	Yes, they did drink something.	0
taking a bath	6	Was it daytime or evening when they took a bath?	text	morning	evening	1
taking a bath	7	Did they take a bath for relaxation?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a bath	8	How did they get clean in the bath?	text	They used a loofah.	washcloth	0
taking a bath	9	Was an adult or child in the bath?	commonsense	A child with company.	An adult alone.	1
visiting a doctor	0	What time did they arrive?	commonsense	After appointment time	right on time it seems	1
visiting a doctor	1	What did the doctor do?	text	check for signs of melanoma	Check up	1
visiting a doctor	2	Did they get medicine from the doctor?	commonsense	yes	no	1
visiting a doctor	3	What kind of doctor was it?	commonsense	specialized doctor	a GP	1
visiting a doctor	4	Why did they go to the doctor?	text	they were sick	Check up	1
visiting a doctor	5	How long did they have to wait to be called back to see the doctor?	commonsense	A little while	at least 10 minutes	0
visiting a doctor	6	Where did they sit in the waiting room?	commonsense	on the floor	in one of the chairs	1
visiting a doctor	7	When did they make the appointment to see the doctor?	commonsense	In advance	That same day	0
visiting a doctor	8	When will they see the doctor again?	text	in 3 months if the tests come back high	never	0
changing bed sheets	0	Who changed the bed sheets?	text	maid	Homeowner	1
changing bed sheets	1	Do they change them, or wash and replace the same?	text	change	They washed and replaced the same.	1
changing bed sheets	2	Was this at someone's home or a hotel?	text	hotel	home	1
changing bed sheets	3	Did they change the blanket also?	text	No	Yes	1
changing bed sheets	4	How did they tuck in the new sheets?	commonsense	they didn't tuck the sheets	they tucked them at the bottom	1
changing bed sheets	5	whose bed sheets did they belong to?	text	The person telling the story.	my grandma	0
changing bed sheets	6	When did they change the sheets?	text	It didn't say.	They washed them first thing in the morning.	1
changing bed sheets	7	How long did it take to change the sheets?	commonsense	about an hour and a half	It took 3 hours.	0
washing clothes	0	How long does the wash cycle last?	text	45 minutes.	3 hours.	0
washing clothes	1	Why were they washing clothes?	commonsense	Laundry day	Their room was messy.	1
washing clothes	2	Why did they use bleach in the wash?	commonsense	They were washing all whites.	They didn't.	1
washing clothes	3	Who washed the clothes?	text	the narrator	mom	0
washing clothes	4	How long did each load take to wash?	text	35 minutes	45 minutes	1
washing clothes	5	Whose clothes were washed?	text	their own	mom's	0
washing clothes	6	How did they get to the laundry room?	commonsense	Walking down the stairs	They went upstairs.	0
washing clothes	7	Where are the dirty clothes stored before washing?	commonsense	Hamper laundry bag	The closet	0
washing clothes	9	Did they add anything besides clothes to the machine?	text	no	detergent	1
papering a room	0	How does the new paper look?	text	Wonderful	bad	0
papering a room	1	Was it hard work to paper the room?	text	yes	no	0
papering a room	2	Which room did they paper?	text	bathroom	bedroom	1
papering a room	3	Who papered the room?	text	A contractor	the narrator	1
papering a room	4	Why are they repapering?	text	They hated the color of their room	the paint peeled off and looked bad	1
papering a room	5	Where did they get the paper?	text	the basement	a store	1
papering a room	6	Did they paint the wall because it was dirty?	text	no, the paint was coming off	yes, the walls hadn't been cleaned in 10 years	0
papering a room	7	How long did it take to put the paper up?	text	one hour	Full day	1
vacuuming the carpet	0	Did the vacuum make noise?	commonsense	No, it was a silent motor.	Yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	Where did they put the vacuum after?	text	She put it in the basement.	Back in the closet where they got it.	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	Why did they turn the switch on?	commonsense	To turn the vacuum on	To turn the vacuum off	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Did they seem happy when they were vacuuming?	commonsense	No, they were sweating.	Yes, they like sweating.	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	What room did they vacuum?	text	first the living room, then the bedrooms, and the rest of the rooms in the house	The bathroom.	0
vacuuming the carpet	5	Why does the vacuum make lines in the carpet?	commonsense	Track marks from machine.	Markers in the bottom of vacuum.	0
cleaning up toys	0	Where did they put the picked up toys?	text	in their containers	under bed	0
cleaning up toys	1	Were the toys outside or inside?	text	outside	inside	1
cleaning up toys	2	Did they get it finished in one session or did they take a break and come back to finish?	text	They took breaks	In one session	1
cleaning up toys	3	How long did it take them to clean up their toys?	commonsense	A few minutes	Two days	0
cleaning up toys	4	How did they put the toys away?	text	By putting them in the closet	By gathering them up and placing them in their containers	1
cleaning up toys	5	When did they start cleaning?	text	When mom asked	After they were done	0
cleaning up toys	6	Were any toys thrown away?	commonsense	Yes	no	1
cleaning up toys	7	What were they doing before cleaning up?	text	Playing with toys and Lego	Watching TV	0
cleaning up toys	8	Was cleaning up the toys part of the chores?	commonsense	yes	no	0
changing a light bulb	0	When did the light bulb turn on?	text	after flipping the switch	When they screwed it in.	0
changing a light bulb	1	Which room needed the new light bulb?	text	Living Room	BATHROOM	0
changing a light bulb	2	What did they do with the old light bulb?	commonsense	threw it away	Put it in another lamp.	0
changing a light bulb	3	What room was the light bulb in?	text	The living room.	In the Bathroom.	0
changing a light bulb	4	Who changed the bulb?	commonsense	random person	The homeowner.	1
changing a light bulb	5	How did they reach the light fixture to change the light bulb?	text	Using a ladder and an extension tool.	standing on a chair	0
changing a light bulb	6	Why did they have to change the light bulb?	text	Because they need light	It wasn't bright enough.	0
changing a light bulb	7	When did the light go out?	text	Yesterday.	It went out last week.	1
changing a light bulb	8	How long did it take to change the light bulb?	commonsense	All day.	Just a few minutes.	1
changing a light bulb	9	Did it take more than one person to change the light bulb?	text	Yes it took two people.	No only one person.	1
changing a light bulb	10	How did they screw in the new light bulb?	text	With their hand.	with the extension tool	1
ordering a pizza	0	Who ordered the pizza?	text	their mom	narrator	1
ordering a pizza	1	Did they order anything besides pizza from the restaurant?	text	no	yes	1
ordering a pizza	2	When did they pay for the pizza?	text	when the pizza was delivered	after they ordered	1
ordering a pizza	3	What toppings did they get on the pizza?	text	pepperoni	mushrooms	0
ordering a pizza	4	How many pepperoni pizzas were ordered?	text	two	one	1
ordering a pizza	5	How did they place the order?	text	By Phone	online order	0
ordering a pizza	6	Did they pay for the pizza first?	text	yes	no	0
ordering a pizza	7	How long did the restaurant say it would take for the pizza to be delivered?	text	45 minutes	1 hour	0
washing clothes	0	Did they use a washing machine?	text	yes	no	0
washing clothes	1	Was the clothes hand washed?	commonsense	yes	no	1
washing clothes	2	Why do they sort the clothes first?	commonsense	To stop color bleed	Because someone told them to.	0
cleaning up a flat	0	Did they clean up in the morning?	text	Yes. They wake up early and start	they did not	0
cleaning up a flat	1	Why did they decide to clean the flat?	text	they didn't clean it	Because it was needed	1
cleaning up a flat	2	What chemical do they mix in the mop bucket with the water?	text	bleach	Soap	1
cleaning up a flat	3	Was it a light or heavy cleaning?	commonsense	Light because all they did was pick up a few toys	A heavy cleaning	1
cleaning up a flat	4	Did anybody help clean the flat?	text	No one helped	Yes	0
cleaning up a flat	5	When did they start?	text	Friday night	Early Saturday morning	1
cleaning up a flat	6	Why did the flat needed cleaning?	commonsense	A dog ran around the flat all muddy	Its a weekly chore	1
changing a baby diaper	0	How did they know the diaper needed to be changed?	commonsense	They felt it	Diaper was dirty and smelled	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Who realized that the diaper needed a change?	commonsense	her dad	The story teller.	1
changing a baby diaper	2	Why did the diaper need changing?	commonsense	the baby had messed her diaper	It was clean	0
changing a baby diaper	3	Who changed the baby diaper?	commonsense	my cousin	The story teller.	1
changing a baby diaper	4	Was the baby a boy or a girl?	text	girl	boy	0
changing a baby diaper	5	Why does the diaper need to be changed?	commonsense	it is clean	It is dirty.	1
going on a date	0	Do they like each other?	commonsense	Yes they do.	No they do not.	0
going on a date	1	Did it include a movie or dinner?	text	Yes, both.	neither	0
going on a date	2	How did they get to where they were going?	text	They took a bus.	They drove a car.	1
going on a date	3	Did they make the other person pay or did they pay for it themselves?	text	The date paid	He paid and left a tip - he was a real gentleman kids. Learn form this - this is how it's done!	1
going on a date	4	Did they see a show or a movie on the date?	text	Yes, they saw a movie.	No, they went to the mall.	0
going on a date	5	Did they get any food?	text	No they did not eat any food.	Yes they ate food.	1
going on a date	6	Was this a blind date?	text	No.	yes	0
getting the newspaper	0	Why do they need to buy a paper?	text	To see the obituaries	To get the coupons.	1
getting the newspaper	1	Did they enjoy reading it?	text	No, they don't.	Yes, they do.	1
getting the newspaper	2	Why did they buy a newspaper?	text	to read and get coupons	For the obits	0
getting the newspaper	3	Did they enjoy reading the newspaper?	text	Yes,very much.	No,not really.	0
getting the newspaper	4	How did they get their newspaper?	text	They went outside to get it after it was delivered.	They drove to the store.	1
getting the newspaper	5	Was it delivered to the front door?	commonsense	Yes,to the front door.	No,to the store.	1
getting the newspaper	6	What did they do after they got the paper?	text	The use it to make an art project.	They went home and read it.	1
visiting relatives	0	How long did it take to get there?	commonsense	two days	several hours	1
visiting relatives	1	Who did they visit?	text	Their parents	Their grandparents	1
visiting relatives	2	Why did they pick that time to visit their family?	commonsense	the weather is nicer	Because they wanted to get out of going to school.	0
visiting relatives	3	What time of the year did they visit relatives?	text	winter	summer	1
visiting relatives	4	Where did they go visit them?	text	Florida.	Mississippi.	0
visiting relatives	5	How did they arrive?	text	by plane	By bus.	0
visiting relatives	6	How did they get there?	text	bus	They flew in a plane.	1
visiting relatives	7	Who came with them for the visit?	text	No one.	mom	0
feeding a cat	0	How did they give the food to the cat?	commonsense	On the ground.	They put the food in the cat's pan.	1
feeding a cat	1	How many cats were there?	commonsense	Two.	There was one cat there.	1
feeding a cat	2	How many persons fed the cat?	text	Two	One person fed the cat.	1
feeding a cat	3	Were does the cat eat?	text	In the bedroom	The cat eats in the kitchen.	1
feeding a cat	4	Do other cats live with the cat that was fed?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
feeding a cat	5	What kind of food did they give to the cat?	text	Food from the market, fish, and meat.	Chicken	0
going to the sauna	0	Why did they wear a towel?	commonsense	To cover up.	to keep dry	0
going to the sauna	1	Did they talk to anyone in the sauna?	text	Yes they did	No	0
going to the sauna	2	Was this for social purposes?	text	no usual membership	yes business	0
going to the sauna	3	what time did they go?	text	In the morning	Evening	0
going to the sauna	4	Did they bring their own towel?	commonsense	yes	no	0
going to the sauna	5	How long did they wait to enter?	commonsense	The Author did not have to wait to enter.	1 Hour	0
going to the sauna	6	Where was the sauna located?	text	Sauna is located in the center part of gym.	corner of the gym	1
washing dishes	0	Were they inside the kitchen?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing dishes	1	Where were they doing the dishes?	commonsense	They washed them in the bathtub.	They washed them in the kitchen.	1
washing dishes	2	Were there a lot of dishes?	text	Yes, there was a lot of dirty dishes.	No, there weren't any dirty dishes.	0
washing dishes	3	Were they in a restaurant?	text	No, they were at home.	Yes, they were in the restaurant.	0
washing dishes	4	where do the dishes go after they wash them	text	In the trash	On a dish rack to dry	1
washing dishes	5	Do they always wash them in that place?	commonsense	no	Yes, they always wash dishes in the kitchen.	1
washing dishes	6	How did they wash the dishes?	text	Dipped the dishes in hot water then scrubbed them with soap	dishwasher	0
washing dishes	7	did many dishes need to be washed?	text	a few	lots	1
washing dishes	8	who do they wash dishes with	text	They washed dishes with their mom.	their dad	0
washing dishes	9	why do they use soap	commonsense	for smell	So they can get the dishes clean.	1
washing dishes	10	Who dirtied the dishes?	commonsense	it didn't say.	Guests and hosts	1
taking a bath	0	What kind of bath product did they use?	text	they used liquid bubbles and soap	bath bomb	0
taking a bath	1	Did they take a bath at home?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a bath	2	Why did they take a bath?	commonsense	they were dirty	they only have a bath	0
taking a bath	3	Did they do anything in the bath, such as read?	text	Played with toys	Nothing	0
taking a bath	4	Who prepared the bath?	text	Their friend	the author	1
taking a bath	5	Did they keep soap out of their eyes?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a bath	6	Were there any toys in the bath?	text	no	yes, boats and plastic animals like whales and ducks	1
taking a bath	7	Where was the bath taken?	commonsense	at home	at a hotel	0
taking a bath	8	Where did they take a bath?	commonsense	in the shower	at home	1
painting a wall	0	Were they happy with the paint job when they were done?	commonsense	Not really.	yes	1
painting a wall	1	Who painted the wall?	text	They did	The dad.	0
painting a wall	2	How many people painted the wall?	text	20	One.	1
painting a wall	3	What room was the wall in?	text	Bedroom	Kitchen.	0
painting a wall	4	Was only one color used?	text	No.	Yes	1
painting a wall	5	How long did it take them to paint the wall?	commonsense	likely a full day or two	Not very long.	0
painting a wall	6	How long did it take to paint the wall?	commonsense	Several hours.	Years	0
painting a wall	7	Was the wall in good shape or in disrepair?	commonsense	Good shape	Disrepair	0
folding clothes	0	Are the clothes wrinkled now?	text	no	yes	0
folding clothes	1	Is it difficult to fold clothes?	commonsense	not difficult	yes	0
folding clothes	2	who folded the clothes?	text	the laundry service	The author	1
folding clothes	3	Where are the clothes being folded?	text	In the bedroom.	In the laundry room.	1
changing bed sheets	0	Who helped to change the sheets?	text	Mother	No one	1
changing bed sheets	1	how many people were involved?	text	Two people.	One person.	1
changing bed sheets	2	What did they do after they changed the sheets?	text	Admired them	Laid on them	0
changing bed sheets	3	Did they change the blanket also?	text	no	yes	1
changing bed sheets	4	Were the bedsheets wet?	text	no, they were dried	Yes	0
changing bed sheets	5	How did the bed look after they changed the sheets?	text	Dirty and sloppy.	smooth and attractive	1
changing bed sheets	6	Whose bed sheets needed changing?	text	their own	their roommates	0
changing bed sheets	7	Were the new bed sheets clean?	text	Yes they were.	no, they remained dirty	0
changing bed sheets	8	What was the best part?	commonsense	admiring the bed	washing the sheets	0
changing bed sheets	9	Was the bed smooth at the end?	text	No	Yes	1
changing bed sheets	10	Where were the bed sheet located?	text	On the bed	on the floor	0
changing bed sheets	11	Why did they change the sheets?	commonsense	Because the writer spill coffee on the sheets	Needed cleaning	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Did they have help changing the trash?	text	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Who replaced the garbage bag?	text	the maid did	The narrator	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	was the garbage ball full?	text	no	yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Was it an outdoor bag or an indoor bag?	commonsense	indoor	outdoor	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Why did they have to take out the garbage bag?	text	it was on the list	it was full and smelly	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Where is the old trash bag going?	text	outside bin	In the dumpster	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Where did they take the full bag too?	text	To the dump	outside bin	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Did the garbage smell bad?	text	yes	no	0
playing tennis	0	what time did the game start?	text	6:30 am	8:30	0
playing tennis	1	Did they play with a partner?	text	yes	no	0
playing tennis	2	Did they have fun?	commonsense	no	yes	1
playing tennis	3	Where were they playing tennis at?	text	The baseball field	tennis court	1
playing tennis	4	What time of day did they play tennis?	text	in the afternoon	early morning (6:30)	1
sending party invitations	0	did they say if there were balloons?	text	no	yes	0
sending party invitations	1	Who wrote all the invitations?	text	the bride to be	narrator	1
sending party invitations	2	How long was the party?	text	a weekend long	1 day	0
sending party invitations	3	How many party invitations did they have?	text	twenty-three	20 invitations	1
sending party invitations	4	How did they make the invitations?	commonsense	on the computer	Bought them	0
sending party invitations	5	Was the party invitation for a birthday?	text	yes	no	1
sending party invitations	6	Did they send invitations by mail?	text	no	yes	1
sending party invitations	7	Who was invited to the party?	text	20 guys	her friends	1
making a dinner reservation	0	Why did they pick that restaurant to reserve a place for?	text	it was their birthday	it was their 40th anniversary	1
making a dinner reservation	1	How many people will be attending?	text	three	two	1
making a dinner reservation	2	How long until their reservation?	text	a few hours	the next day	0
making a dinner reservation	3	What time was the dinner?	text	6pm	7pm	0
making a dinner reservation	5	Did they call for the reservation or did they go there first?	text	they went there first	Called ahead	1
making a dinner reservation	6	Was the reservation very far in the future?	text	yes next week	no it was for that night	1
making a dinner reservation	7	What did they say during the reservation?	text	they wanted to order wine	they wanted to reserve a table at 6	1
making a dinner reservation	8	Who made the phone call?	text	the wife	Ed	0
making a dinner reservation	9	When did they make the reservation?	text	a few days ahead	immediately	1
making a dinner reservation	10	where is the reservation?	text	Michael's	at a local diner	0
making a dinner reservation	11	Where did they make the reservation?	text	Michael's	Italian place down the street	0
going to a shopping centre	0	Why did they go to that center?	commonsense	They wanted to eat	They wanted to shop	1
checking in at an airport	0	Was the check-in attendant a man or woman?	text	A woman	Man.	0
checking in at an airport	1	How many people are they checking in for?	commonsense	Two.	One.	1
baking a cake	0	How long does it need to cook in the oven?	text	25 minutes	1 hour	0
baking a cake	1	What were they doing?	text	Baking a cake	cleaning	0
baking a cake	2	How long do they leave the oven on	text	1 hour	25 minutes	1
baking a cake	3	What do they do?	text	bake a cake	Bake cookies	0
making omelette	0	What utensils were used to cook the food?	commonsense	spoon, can opener	spatula, whisk	1
making omelette	1	Who made the omelette?	text	The chef at the restaurant.	The person telling the story.	1
making omelette	2	When were the eggs add to the pan to make the omelette?	text	after pan and butter were  heated	before the butter was put in the pan	0
making omelette	3	Was the omelette hot?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making omelette	4	How did the omelette taste?	commonsense	delicious	horrible	0
making omelette	5	Where did they put the egg shells?	commonsense	In the trashcan.	fridge	0
making omelette	6	Where was the omelette made?	commonsense	At home in kitchen	bedroom	0
making omelette	7	Why did they flip the eggs?	text	to burn them	to cook both sides	1
making omelette	8	How many eggs were used?	text	two eggs	three eggs	0
making omelette	9	Who cleaned up all of the pots and pans after they cooked the omelette?	commonsense	they did	A friend	0
making omelette	10	Where did they get the eggs?	text	from the refrigerator	from the cupboard	0
making omelette	11	What was added to the omelette?	text	green peppers	milk, cheese and butter	1
making omelette	12	Who cooked the omelette?	text	The person telling the story.	The chef at the restaurant.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Why was there gas involved?	text	there was no gas involved	to cook the food	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Did they enjoy the meal?	text	yes they enjoyed the meal	no, the steaks were not well done	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	What meal is this for?	text	Dinner	Breakfast	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Who was the ceremony for?	text	Her older cousin	brother	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Where did the wedding take place?	text	A local wedding hall	A local church.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Who got married?	text	Her brother	Older cousin and the fiancee	1
attending a wedding ceremony	3	Where was the ceremony?	text	At a church	In a local wedding hall.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Did they go by themselves?	text	Yes they went alone.	No they went with family.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	5	Why did they go to the ceremony?	text	It was a nice day.	To watch a wedding.	1
walking a dog	0	Does the dog like walks?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
walking a dog	1	How long did they walk the dog for?	commonsense	an hour	Short walk.	0
walking a dog	2	Does the dog sometimes run?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
walking a dog	3	When did they finish their walk?	commonsense	When the sun went down.	After visiting pond.	1
walking a dog	4	When did they decide they had to walk the dog?	text	In the morning.	Arrival at home.	1
walking a dog	5	Who is walking the dog?	text	the dog sitter	owner/narrator	1
walking a dog	6	Who walked the dog?	text	it didn't say	the owner/narrator	1
walking a dog	7	Why do you pull on the leash if the dog drags you?	commonsense	to let them be free	To keep them from running away	1
walking a dog	8	What time of day are they walking the dog?	commonsense	Morning.	the afternoon	1
walking a dog	9	Was the dog well trained?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
cooking pasta	0	Where did they cook the pasta?	text	On the stovetop.	In the oven.	0
cooking pasta	1	Why did they cook pasta?	text	they didn't cook pasta	They were making dinner.	1
cooking pasta	2	Who cooked the pasta?	text	they did	the chef did	0
cooking pasta	3	Did they salt the water?	text	no salt was put in the water	Yes they did.	1
cooking pasta	4	How long did it take for the water to boil?	text	About ten minutes.	About half an hour.	0
cooking pasta	5	How long did they boil the pasta?	text	About half an hour.	About ten minutes.	1
cooking pasta	6	How long did it take to cook the pasta?	text	2 minutes	About ten minutes.	1
cooking pasta	7	how long did they cook the pasta for?	text	For ten minutes.	For twenty minutes.	0
cooking pasta	8	what kind of pasta is it?	text	angel hair	spaghetti	1
taking a taxi	0	Where did the taxi take them?	text	The taxi took them to the theatre.	To the airport	0
taking a taxi	1	Did they get the name of the taxi driver ?	commonsense	Yes, they got the name of the taxi driver.	No they didn't get the name of the taxi driver.	1
taking a taxi	2	How did the taxi look?	text	It was a black taxi.	The taxi was yellow.	1
taking a taxi	3	How did the taxi driver get to where they needed to go?	text	The taxi driver guessed which location to go to	The driver drove them there.	1
taking a photograph	0	What were they taking a picture of?	text	blue jay	robin	0
taking a photograph	1	What kind of camera was being used?	text	digital Nikon camera	Cannon	0
taking a photograph	2	Was the photo taken on a digital camera?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
taking a photograph	3	Were they inside when the photograph was taken?	text	no	yes	0
taking a photograph	4	Were they in the photograph?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a photograph	5	Was the picture taken outside?	text	yes	no	0
going to a shopping centre	0	Why did they go to that center?	commonsense	Closest one.	It's the best one in the state.	0
going to a shopping centre	1	What did they buy?	commonsense	Clothing.	A new TV	0
going to a shopping centre	2	Where where they shopping?	text	Their favorite stores in the mall.	At the trendy stores.	0
going to a shopping centre	3	How long did it take to get there?	text	It was a thirty minute drive.	60 minutes.	0
going to a shopping centre	4	Who went to the shopping center?	commonsense	The narrator and their girlfriend.	Group of boys.	0
cleaning the bathroom	0	Did they clean the shower?	text	Yes	No.	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	How was the bathroom cleaned?	text	Scrubbing surfaces and mopping	They rinsed it with a hose	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	How many people cleaned the bathroom?	commonsense	One.	Twelve.	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	Did anyone help them clean the bathroom?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	What part of the bathroom was dirty?	commonsense	Just the toilet	The entire bathroom	1
going to the theater	0	Who did they go to see?	text	their friend	Actors in a play	1
going to the theater	1	Will they bring a date to the theater?	text	No, they went alone.	Yes, a blind date.	0
going to the theater	2	Which theater were they in?	text	home theater	One downtown.	1
going to the theater	3	How did they get to the theater?	text	They took a bus.	They drove	1
making a dinner reservation	0	Where are they making reservations?	text	Chico's Exotic Burgers 'n Shakes	Yuzu	1
making a dinner reservation	1	what day are they going out?	text	On the 4th of July	Their anniversary	1
making a dinner reservation	2	how many people are dining?	text	Four	two in their party	1
making a dinner reservation	3	What did they say during the reservation?	text	Nothing	Asked for table for two at 8 pm	1
making a dinner reservation	4	Where did they make the reservation?	text	Yuzu	Nowhere	0
making a dinner reservation	5	How did they make the reservation?	text	Internet	Called on phone	1
making a dinner reservation	6	Why did they ask for a reservation?	text	they didn't	To ensure they would have a table	1
making a dinner reservation	7	When did they call the restaurant?	text	A few weeks before	Night of dinner	0
making a dinner reservation	8	When did they make the reservation?	text	the day of the reservation	In advance	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	What room was the garbage can in?	text	The master bathroom.	The kitchen.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Which bags did they use?	commonsense	They used garbage bags.	grocery bags	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Why did they change the garbage bag?	text	Because it was overflowing.	it had ripped	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Which garbage bag did they replace?	text	The master bathroom.	old one	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Were they at work or at home?	text	They were at work.	They were at home.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Were they doing a chore?	text	Yes they were taking care of the trash.	No they were relaxing	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Who was the one taking out the garbage?	text	Their neighbor.	The person telling the story.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	When did they replace the bag?	text	when it was empty	after work	1
setting the dining table	0	Where is the dinner at?	text	Restaurant	Narrator's home	1
setting the dining table	1	When was the silverware put on the table?	text	After the food was ready.	Before the meal was served	1
setting the dining table	2	Was there a specific reason to set the table on that specific day ?	text	Yes, Their mother was over for dinner	No	0
setting the dining table	3	For whom was the table set ?	text	The father came over for dinner	Narrator and their mom	1
cleaning the table	0	Who ate at the table?	text	the family	Just the main character	0
cleaning the table	1	Did they clean the table alone?	text	No they help parents	yes they do	0
cleaning the table	2	Who cleaned the table?	text	The maid	The main character and the parents	1
cleaning the table	3	is the dining room table cleaned?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning the table	4	When did they start cleaning?	text	Before dinner	After eating dinner.	1
checking in at an airport	0	Why did they need to check in?	commonsense	to receive drink passes	Check a bag	1
checking in at an airport	1	What method did they use to check in?	text	Online	they went to the desk	1
checking in at an airport	2	Where are they flying to?	text	across the state	To visit their friend.	1
checking in at an airport	3	Why do they put a tag on their bags?	commonsense	to tell people she was coming	to identify the owner	1
checking in at an airport	4	Why are they visiting this place?	text	to catch a flight	to visit family	0
checking in at an airport	5	Where did they got to check in?	text	airline that she purchased ticket from	The front desk	0
cooking pasta	0	where are they cooking it?	text	in the toaster	In the kitchen	1
cooking pasta	1	How did they cook the pasta?	text	they boiled it	They put the pasta in the microwave.	0
cooking pasta	2	Why did they turn on the stove?	commonsense	They are done cooking	To get warm	0
cooking pasta	3	What happened when it finished cooking?	text	They threw it in the trash	They ate the pasta	1
cooking pasta	4	Who was cooking the pasta?	text	A friend cooked the pasta.	the author	1
cooking pasta	5	how was the pasta prepared?	text	The pasta was boiled.	The pasta was thawed and cooked.	0
cooking pasta	6	Where were they cooking pasta?	commonsense	At the poolside	Kitchen	1
cooking pasta	7	Who cooked the pasta?	text	The chef at the restaurant	They did	1
mowing the lawn	0	Does the grass have to be mowed?	text	yes, shorted	no	0
mowing the lawn	1	Where did they find the mower?	text	shed	Back yard	0
mowing the lawn	2	When did the grass get mowed?	text	Saturday morning	Sunday	0
fueling a car	0	Where were they going that they needed gas?	text	They were headed home.	They were driving to work.	0
fueling a car	1	How much did the fuel cost?	text	$20	20 cents.	0
fueling a car	2	When did they put the fuel in the car?	text	Right after they paid for the fuel.	on the way to work	0
fueling a car	3	How much fuel did they buy?	text	$20 worth	The got ninety nine dollars worth of fuel.	0
fueling a car	4	Why were they fueling the car?	text	Because they had an extra twenty dollars to spend.	They didn't want to run out of gas.	1
fueling a car	5	Did they pay at the pump?	text	No, they went inside and paid.	Yes, they used a credit card at the pump.	0
fueling a car	6	Whose car were they filling?	commonsense	Their own	Their sister's car.	0
fueling a car	7	Why did they use fuel in the car?	commonsense	To power the engine.	so the car will stall	0
fueling a car	8	Who did they pay for the gas?	text	Clerk	The man standing next to the pump.	0
fueling a car	9	Were did they pay?	text	Outside at the pump	Inside with the clerk	1
making a hot dog	0	At whose house did they cook the hot dog?	text	At their own house	Friends.	0
making a hot dog	1	How are they retrieving the hot dogs?	commonsense	She used a fork	Didn't at all	0
making a hot dog	2	Did they share with anyone else?	text	No they ate them alone	Yes	0
making a hot dog	3	Did they need any help cooking the hot dog?	text	Yes	No.	1
making a hot dog	4	How long did they have to wait after it was done to eat it?	text	15 minutes	Four hours.	1
making a hot dog	5	Was the person an adult or child?	commonsense	adult	kid	0
making a hot dog	6	Who shared the hot dogs with them?	text	Nobody	Their sister	0
making a hot dog	7	How long did it take for the hot dogs to cook?	text	4 hours.	Four minutes	0
making a hot dog	8	How long did it take to make the hot dog?	text	Several hours.	Ten minutes	0
making a hot dog	9	What else was put on the hot dog?	text	Nothing	Sauerkraut, ketchup and mustard	1
visiting relatives	0	When did they visit?	text	summer	They went over the holidays.	1
visiting relatives	1	What kind of vehicle did they travel in?	text	car	bus	0
visiting a museum	0	How long were they at the museum ?	commonsense	all day	a while, maybe a few hours	1
visiting a museum	1	What did they eat at the museum?	commonsense	a three course meal	snacks	1
visiting a museum	2	What time did they get to the museum?	commonsense	Daytime	Late at night	0
calling 911	0	Where were they?	commonsense	in the hospital	The grandfather's residence.	1
calling 911	1	Who showed up in the ambulance?	text	EMTs	A doctor and a nurse.	0
calling 911	2	Why did they call 911?	text	Their grandfather broke his arm.	A person collapsed.	1
calling 911	3	Was someone the victim of a crime?	text	No they were not.	Yes they were.	0
calling 911	4	Did the caller remain on the line while waiting for help?	text	No they didn't.	Yes they did.	1
calling 911	5	Who responded to the call?	text	An operator.	Police officer	0
calling 911	6	How long after calling did responders show up?	text	in an hour	in a few minutes	1
making breakfast	0	Where were they cooking breakfast?	commonsense	In the bathroom.	at home in kitchen	1
making breakfast	1	What time did they make breakfast?	commonsense	In the afternoon	Morning	1
making breakfast	2	How long did the bread take to toast?	commonsense	A couple minutes	3 hours in oven	0
making breakfast	3	What did they do before eating breakfast?	commonsense	Slept	Played football	0
making breakfast	4	Why do they cook food?	commonsense	For fun	To avoid getting sick from raw food.	1
making breakfast	5	What ingredients did they put in the breakfast meal?	text	Tripe, liver, sweetbreads, kidneys	Eggs, bacon, toast, juice and strawberries	1
making breakfast	6	How does the breakfast taste?	commonsense	I tasted burnt.	Good	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Was the bag changed right away?	text	no	yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	How did it smell?	commonsense	bad	good	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Why did they want to replace the garbage bag?	text	Because it was smelly.	they had to take the trash out for pickup	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Did they use twist ties to close up the full bag?	text	No.	Yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	was the garbage smelly?	commonsense	yes	no	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Why were they changing the trash?	text	pickup was the next day	the garbage was full	0
planting a tree	0	Where did they purchase the tree?	text	Tree nursery	through the mail	0
planting a tree	1	Where did the tree get planted?	text	Backyard	front yard	0
planting a tree	2	Did anyone else have to help plant the tree?	text	yes	no	0
planting a tree	3	How many people planted the tree?	text	Two	43	0
planting a tree	4	Did anyone help them plant the tree?	text	Big Bird	yes	1
planting a tree	5	Why did they plant the tree?	text	he wanted fruit	The narrator wanted one	1
visiting a doctor	0	Who else was at the doctors?	text	my friend	their mother	1
visiting a doctor	1	Why did they go to the doctor?	text	For a check up.	They were sick.	0
visiting a doctor	2	How did the doctor hear their heartbeat?	commonsense	With a thermometer.	Using a stethoscope	1
visiting a doctor	4	Who needed to see the doctor?	text	my mom	Child	1
visiting a doctor	5	What did the doctor say?	text	The doctor asked about the patient's daily activities and diet.	That they had asthma.	0
setting the dining table	0	Why are they setting the table?	text	for breakfast	to serve the meal	1
setting the dining table	1	What order did they set the items on the dining table?	text	Plates, napkins, silverware and glasses.	Glasses, plates, silverware and napkins.	0
setting the dining table	2	What supplies were needed for setting the table ?	text	the plastic wear	plates, napkins, silverware, glasses	1
setting the dining table	3	Who set the table?	text	their husband	Mom.	1
setting the dining table	4	What happened after they set the table?	commonsense	they checked on the food to see if it was ready	They went to the restaurant.	0
setting the dining table	5	Did more than one person set the dining table?	text	no just one	Two.	0
getting a haircut	0	How busy was the barber's?	text	not busy at all	Very busy.	1
getting a haircut	1	Who cut their hair?	text	the barber	Bob	0
getting a haircut	2	Why did they get a haircut	text	They hadn't gone for a haircut in 7 weeks	They were going on a date.	0
changing a baby diaper	0	Whose diaper did they change?	text	Baby girl	Boy	0
changing a baby diaper	1	Why did the diaper need changing?	text	it was falling off	It was dirty and smelly	1
changing a baby diaper	2	How did they make the baby comfortable during the changing?	text	sat her in a chair	laid her on the changing table	1
cooking pasta	0	What type of pot did they use to make the pasta?	text	a large pot	a small pot	0
cooking pasta	1	What flavor was the sauce?	text	potato	Tomato	1
cooking pasta	2	how are they cooking it?	text	boiling it on the stove top	In the microwave	0
cooking pasta	3	how long did it take to prepare and cook?	commonsense	over 1 hour	about half an hour	1
cooking pasta	4	Where were they cooking the pasta?	commonsense	In the kitchen	in the bedroom	0
cooking pasta	6	What was the name of the person making the pasta?	text	Jane	John	1
cooking pasta	7	where are they cooking it?	text	kitchen	In the oven	0
cooking pasta	8	Did they have sauce on it?	text	they added sauce once the pasta cooked	no there was none	0
cooking pasta	9	how long did it take to cook?	text	20 minutes, they like it mushy	12 minutes	1
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Where was the wedding?	text	The park	In a beautiful old church.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Who's wedding was it?	text	A friend of the narrator.	Their brother.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	How did the ceremony begin?	text	The bridesmaids entered.	The bride and groom kissed	0
attending a wedding ceremony	3	Why did they go to the ceremony?	text	The narrator was a childhood friend of the bride's	The narrator's husband was a childhood friend of the groom	0
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Why did everyone come to the wedding?	commonsense	To celebrate the couple's marriage	To see family	0
attending a wedding ceremony	5	Why were they invited?	text	It was a family member.	It was a friend of theirs.	1
driving a car	0	How was traffic when they were driving?	text	Traffic was light	Traffic was heavy	0
driving a car	1	Who drove the car?	text	Speaker	The narrators friend	0
driving a car	2	What time did they start driving?	text	6:00 am	6:00 pm	0
driving a car	3	Was the traffic bad?	text	Yes, there was a lot of traffic.	No, the traffic was light and the roads were clear.	1
driving a car	4	How long did it take?	text	A few hours	A few days	0
driving a car	5	How many people were in the car during the drive?	text	2	1	1
driving a car	6	Who was in the car?	text	Their dog and a few friends.	Just them and their dog.	1
calling 911	0	Who was involved in the incident that led to calling 911?	text	a crowd of people	The narrator	1
calling 911	1	How long after calling did responders show up?	text	30 minutes	A couple of minutes	1
calling 911	2	Why did they call?	text	the neighbor's house was on fire	Their house was on fire.	1
calling 911	3	Was something burning?	text	No, everything was fine.	Yes, there house	1
calling 911	4	When did the accident occur?	text	In the morning	at night	1
calling 911	5	What happened to cause them to call 911?	text	Their house was on fire	A robbery	0
calling 911	6	How long did they wait to call 911?	text	30 minutes	They called immediately after getting outside.	1
calling 911	7	How long before they called 911?	text	After the fire was out	a minute or so	1
calling 911	8	Was there a violent incident involved?	text	No, just a fire	Yes, a person broke in.	0
calling 911	9	Where were they?	text	In the living room	at home	1
ironing laundry	0	Did the iron take a long time to heat up?	commonsense	yes, it took most of the day	about a minute or two	1
ironing laundry	1	Why did they iron the clothes?	text	they like to look nice and neat	to dry them	0
ironing laundry	2	Did they only iron clothes?	text	no they ironed their sheets	yes a t-shirt and jeans	1
ironing laundry	3	What were they ironing?	text	a t-shirt and jeans	dress	0
ironing laundry	4	When did the iron get hot?	commonsense	after a few minutes	Few hours	0
ironing laundry	5	Was the iron heavy?	commonsense	yes it weighed 80 pounds	no	1
ironing laundry	6	Why were they ironing?	text	because they were bored	to make the clothes look nice	1
calling 911	0	When did this happen?	text	In the morning	at night right before the son's bed time	1
calling 911	1	When did they call?	text	Before the video	After the boy's bedtime	1
sewing a button	0	Why did they need to sew the button?	text	To add a new one	So the shirt would look right	1
sewing a button	1	Did they know how to sew on a button?	commonsense	no	yes	1
flying in a plane	0	Did anyone go with them?	text	yes family	No one	0
flying in a plane	1	How did they enjoy the flight?	text	Very much	They did not	1
flying in a plane	2	Was the airplane full?	text	No	Yes	1
flying in a plane	3	What happened while on the plane?	text	The narrator vomited	The plane exploded.	0
flying in a plane	4	Did they fly with anyone?	text	yes family	No one	0
going grocery shopping	0	How did they pay for their stuff?	text	Credit card	cash	0
going grocery shopping	1	Were there a lot of groceries?	commonsense	No.	Yes, because he needed a big shopping cart.	1
going grocery shopping	2	Where did they park their car?	commonsense	In the store's parking lot	At the museum	0
making a bonfire	0	did they have enough firewood	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making a bonfire	1	who lit the fire	text	They did	The Fire Master	0
making a bonfire	2	Were other people helping them build the bonfire?	commonsense	no	everyone helped	1
making a bonfire	3	Did they have fun?	commonsense	Yes	No because it was a funeral for a friend who died tragically	0
making a bonfire	4	why did they build a bonfire	text	They wanted to sit around it and watch the flames	They had some paperwork to burn	0
making a bonfire	5	When did they gather the wood?	text	Before they lit the fire	In the morning after they got out of their tents	0
making a bonfire	6	What did they use for fuel?	text	gasoline	wood, grass, newspaper	1
making a bonfire	7	Did the fire spread?	commonsense	yes	No	1
going on a train	0	How did they find the correct compartment on the train?	commonsense	The train has sign that tell you which seat is which.	They sit anywhere they want	0
going on a train	1	How did they purchase their train tickets?	text	They bought them online.	They paid at the station.	0
going on a train	2	Why did they go on the train?	text	They needed to attend a meeting.	their boss told them to take the train	0
going on a train	3	How much did they enjoy the train ride?	text	they hated it	They were pleased with the train ride.	1
going on a train	4	Did they sleep on the train?	text	Yes, the slept the whole ride.	No, they did not sleep.	1
folding clothes	0	Is this a job that is done quickly?	commonsense	No, there are too many clothes	Yes, because there aren't very many clothes	0
folding clothes	1	Were there a lot of clothes to fold?	commonsense	Yes, there were.	No, there were not.	0
folding clothes	2	Were the clothes all for one person?	text	Yes, for one individual.	No, they were for the whole family.	1
folding clothes	3	Who folded the clothes?	text	The kids	Just mom	0
renovating a room	0	What print of wallpaper did they put up in the room?	text	a cityscape	A jungle scene	1
renovating a room	1	Who was going to be using the room?	text	Her parents	Jenny	1
renovating a room	2	Who was doing the renovation work?	text	Jenny's family.	Jenny's brother	0
renovating a room	3	What changes were made in the room?	text	it will be wallpapered and painted	walls will be torn down	0
renovating a room	4	Did they finish their job?	commonsense	Not yet.	Yes, they finished it	0
renovating a room	5	What did they do to renovate?	text	hammock	make plans of the new design and buy materials	1
repairing a bicycle	0	How many tires did the repairman replace?	text	The repairman replaced two tires	The repairman replaced one tire	1
repairing a bicycle	1	How did the bicycle break?	commonsense	Someone slashed the tire	Time	1
repairing a bicycle	2	Why did the customer thank the man at the end of the story?	commonsense	The shop fixed the bike with no service charge	The shop owner promised him a discount on a future purchase	0
repairing a bicycle	3	where did they fix it at or get it fixed?	text	In their garage	At the bicycle repair shop where they originally bought the bike	1
repairing a bicycle	4	How did the customer feel at the end of the story?	text	Sad	Happy	1
repairing a bicycle	5	Who brought the bike in to be fixed?	text	The storyteller	The bike owner's son brought the bike in	0
going grocery shopping	0	What were some of the items they bought?	text	cereal and milk	Chicken and fresh veggies	1
going grocery shopping	1	How did they get to the store?	text	rode a bus	He drove.	1
going grocery shopping	2	How long did they wait in line?	text	A very short time.	long time	1
going grocery shopping	3	Were they out of food, or did they need to just pick up something extra?	text	something extra	They were completely out of food.	0
going grocery shopping	4	Why did they buy so much foods?	text	for breakfast	Because the dinner required a lot of items	1
going grocery shopping	5	Did they need a cart to get their items to the car?	text	no	yes	1
getting a haircut	0	How did they cut their hair?	text	with scissors and electric trimmer	shaved	0
getting a haircut	1	Where was the haircut done?	text	home	At Santiago's barber shop	1
getting a haircut	2	Who got their hair cut?	text	Speaker	The President of the United States	0
getting a haircut	3	Why did they get their hair cut?	text	they didn't get hair cut	their hair was unkempt	1
getting a haircut	4	Did they seem to like their hair?	commonsense	no they didn't	yes they liked it	1
getting a haircut	5	How many people got haircuts	text	Two	One	1
getting a haircut	6	What did they do while the barber was cutting their hair?	commonsense	Sat there	Jumped up and down	0
changing bed sheets	0	Do they do this job by themselves?	text	Yes they did.	No they had help	0
changing bed sheets	1	Did the person changing the sheets do it quickly?	commonsense	No, they took a long time	Yes, quickly and carefully	1
changing bed sheets	2	When did they take off the old sheets?	text	When the sheets were drying.	After the new sheets were dry	1
changing bed sheets	3	How did the clean sheets feel?	commonsense	They felt soft	Dirty	0
changing bed sheets	4	Who changed the sheets?	text	Jane	John.	1
changing bed sheets	5	Where were the bed sheet located?	text	In the dryer.	On the floor	0
changing bed sheets	6	How long did it take to put new clean sheets on the bed?	commonsense	A long time	Not Long	1
changing bed sheets	7	What kind of sheets did they put on bed?	text	Dirty	Clean	1
changing bed sheets	8	When did they start changing the bed sheets?	text	After the new sheets were dry	Before the new sheets were out of the laundry	0
changing bed sheets	9	Did it take a long time to change them?	commonsense	Yes a very long time	Not very long	1
changing bed sheets	10	Who changed the bed sheets?	text	John	Martha	0
making a hot dog	0	Why did they make a hot dog?	text	Because they were hungry.	For a friend	0
making a hot dog	1	What condiments were available to put on the hot dog?	text	Ketchup, mustard, relish, and chopped onions.	Ketchup,mustard,chilli,and onions.	0
making a hot dog	2	How long did it take to cook the hot dog?	text	Five minutes.	It took thirty minutes.	0
making a hot dog	3	How many hot dogs are they cooking?	text	They made five hot dogs.	They made one hot dog.	1
making a hot dog	4	How are they cooking the hot dogs?	text	grilling it	Boiling	1
making a hot dog	5	What time of day did they make the hot dog?	commonsense	Afternoon.	Morning.	0
making a hot dog	6	When did they eat the hot dog?	text	They made it at lunchtime.	at dinner	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	Is it a public library?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	Did they go on the library computers while they were there?	text	Yes they did	There were no computers	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	Did anybody else come with them?	text	No	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	Did they need anything to borrow the book?	text	No	Yes, a library card.	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Who was in the library?	text	The librarian	Some friends	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	How many books did they borrow?	text	One	twenty	0
borrowing a book from the library	6	What method of transport did they use to get to the library?	text	Car	the bus	0
borrowing a book from the library	7	What was a book they chose about?	text	Instructions for a project they were working on	It was a fiction book for amusement.	0
going to the theater	0	How did they get to the theater?	text	they drove	they walked	0
boiling milk	0	How long was the milk boiling?	commonsense	Not long	The milk boiled a few hours	0
boiling milk	1	Who was boiling the milk?	text	the author	The reader of the story.	0
boiling milk	2	Can kids help boil the milk?	commonsense	Kids cannot help boil milk	Yes they can.	1
boiling milk	3	Will they store the milk in a bottle after it boils?	commonsense	no	yes	0
boiling milk	4	Where were they boiling the milk?	text	The milk was boiled in the pantry	Kitchen	1
boiling milk	5	Do they put anything else in the pot besides the milk?	text	no.	Yes	0
boiling milk	6	What was the boiled milk for?	text	Warm milk	hot cocoa	1
boiling milk	7	What kind of heat did they use?	text	stove	microwave	0
boiling milk	8	Was someone going to drink boiled milk?	commonsense	yes	no	0
boiling milk	9	Was the kitchen dirty after boiling the milk?	commonsense	no	yes	0
cleaning the bathroom	0	What type of building was the bathroom located in?	text	office	home	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	Why did they clean the bathroom?	commonsense	as part of a regular routine	It was clean	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	How did the bathroom look after?	text	It looked and smelled very fresh.	dingy	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	Did they mop the floor?	text	No, just swept it	Yes, at the end	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	Did they use a special spray?	text	Yes, a special bathroom spray cleaner	yes a window cleaner spray	0
cleaning the bathroom	5	What did they use to clean with?	text	Water and soap	Mop, bucket, spray cleaner, floor cleaner, toilet cleaner	1
cleaning the bathroom	6	Why was the bathroom floor so dirty?	commonsense	The dog walked in there with muddy feet	Floors get dirty after repeated use	1
cleaning the bathroom	7	How did the bathroom look before?	commonsense	Somewhat dirty	clean	0
cleaning the bathroom	8	Did they scrub when they cleaned?	text	Yes, with a wire brush	No, just wiped	1
answering the phone	0	Why did the person on the other line call?	text	The mother wanted to talk to Marcie's husband.	she wanted to talk to her daughter	1
answering the phone	1	When did the person call?	text	After dinner	After lunch	0
answering the phone	2	Who answered the phone?	text	Marcie's sister.	Marcie answered the phone.	1
answering the phone	3	Did they know the caller?	text	No they did not know the caller	Yes they knew the caller	1
answering the phone	4	Who was calling?	text	Marcie's sister	Marcie's mother was calling.	1
answering the phone	5	Did they know the person calling?	text	No they did not know the caller.	Yes they knew who was calling.	1
answering the phone	7	Why did they pick up the phone?	text	They wanted to talk to their mother.	Marcie needed to ask her mother a question	0
answering the phone	8	Was it before bed?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
answering the phone	9	Why did they answer?	text	Marcie wanted to talk to her mother	To talk to her father.	0
answering the phone	10	Where was the phone located?	text	On the table by the door	On the kitchen counter.	0
answering the phone	12	Who was the caller?	text	Marcie's mother.	Marcie's friend.	0
making a bonfire	0	Did they do anything else at the bonfire?	text	yes	no	1
making a bonfire	1	Why did they want to build a bonfire?	text	its chilly	To celebrate homecoming.	0
making a bonfire	2	What did they do just before starting the bonfire?	text	Light the big pieces of wood.	gathered up wood	1
making a bonfire	3	What supplies did they need to make the bonfire?	text	rocks	wood matches	1
making a bonfire	4	Where did they make the bonfire?	text	at the beach	Woods	0
visiting relatives	0	Did they buy them anything?	text	no	Yes	1
visiting relatives	1	Did they visit inside?	text	no	yes	1
visiting relatives	2	What did they do after the visit?	commonsense	They went home	stayed the night there	0
visiting relatives	3	What did they have for dinner?	text	Roast beef	pizza	0
visiting relatives	4	How did they arrive?	text	they walked	by car	1
visiting relatives	5	What food did they eat at their relatives' place?	text	Roast beef	pizza	0
visiting relatives	6	How are they related to them?	text	They are cousins	they are the grandparents	1
visiting relatives	7	So what all did they do while they were there?	text	They go caroling	They exchange gifts, talk, and eat dinner	1
making a dinner reservation	0	Was there a special occasion for making the reservation?	text	Anniversary	yes their sister's birthday	1
making a dinner reservation	1	How many people will be going?	text	Two.	Four.	0
making a dinner reservation	2	Why did they have to make a reservation?	text	they wanted to get a good table	To be faster.	0
making a dinner reservation	3	what is the purpose for eating there?	text	For an anniversary	Gift to sister.	1
making a dinner reservation	4	What kind of restaurant is it?	text	Italian.	Mexican	0
making a dinner reservation	5	What time was the reservation for?	text	7pm	5pm	0
making scrambled eggs	0	Were they making the scramble eggs just for themselves?	text	today yes	today no	0
making scrambled eggs	1	What was added to the eggs before cooking them?	text	Milk, herbs, salt, and pepper	cheese was added	0
making scrambled eggs	2	where did they cook it?	commonsense	Bathroom	In the kitchen, on the stove	1
making scrambled eggs	3	When were the eggs added to the pan?	text	The eggs are added to the pan when the pan is still cold.	after beating the eggs	1
making scrambled eggs	4	Who made the scrambled eggs?	text	The main character	their friends	0
making scrambled eggs	5	Where did they make the scrambled eggs?	commonsense	The kitchen	porch	0
making scrambled eggs	6	What time of day did they make scrambled eggs?	text	the morning	For Dinner	0
making scrambled eggs	7	Did they use organic eggs or regular eggs?	text	mostly organic	Regular	0
making scrambled eggs	8	How hot does the pan have to be?	text	cold as ice	hot enough to melt the butter	1
making scrambled eggs	9	what time did they cook?	text	breakfast time	snack time	0
making scrambled eggs	10	When did they make the scrambled eggs?	text	for dinner	Breakfast Time	1
going to the swimming pool	0	What time of year was it?	commonsense	fall	summer	1
going to the swimming pool	1	Why did they want to go swimming?	text	it was a hot day	it was cold	0
going to the swimming pool	2	Are they bringing anyone with them?	text	no	Yes, their two children	1
going to the swimming pool	3	Was the pool private?	text	yes	no	1
making toasted bread	0	What else besides butter can they put on toast?	text	butter only	many things	1
making toasted bread	1	Why did they make toast?	text	they like it	its cheap	0
making toasted bread	2	Where is the best place for the toaster?	commonsense	the bedroom	in the kitchen	1
making toasted bread	3	why do they toast bread?	commonsense	to improve the taste	to make it prettier	0
making toasted bread	4	How are they toasting the bread?	text	with the oven	with a toaster	1
making toasted bread	5	Did they make it in the kitchen?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making toasted bread	6	How long did it take to toast the bread?	commonsense	half an hour	minutes	1
making toasted bread	7	Where did they make the toast?	text	kitchen	bedroom	0
taking the underground	0	Where did they sit on the train?	text	they stood	in the back	0
taking the underground	1	How did they get to their starting point?	text	they took a cab	they walked	1
taking the underground	2	Did they have a conversation with the driver during the ride?	text	Yes, he chatted with the conductor.	No, the train was quiet.	1
taking the underground	3	Did they talk to other riders?	text	no	yes	0
taking the underground	4	Were they traveling alone?	text	no, with their friend	yes	1
taking the underground	5	Where did they go?	text	They went to work	They went to the store	0
taking the underground	6	Did anyone else travel with them?	text	yes	no	1
taking the underground	7	How long was the ride?	text	one hour	20 minutes.	1
visiting a museum	0	What exhibit did they go to see?	text	All of them.	Dinosaurs and Arts.	0
visiting a museum	1	What did they use to pay for the tickets?	text	Credit Card	Cash	1
visiting a museum	2	how did they get tickets to the Museum?	text	they never bought tickets	They bought them at the museum.	1
visiting a museum	3	Which exhibits did they go to?	text	Dinosaur, art, and sea exhibit	Sharks	0
visiting a museum	4	What were some of the displays that saw?	text	Art and Native American.	T Rex and whales.	1
getting the newspaper	0	Where did they take the newspaper?	text	bedroom	To the kitchen table to sit and read	1
getting the newspaper	1	What were they drinking while reading?	text	Milk	Cup of coffee	1
borrowing a book from the library	0	What is the genre of the book?	text	Poetry and a book of fiction.	Action.	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	What book did they check out?	text	A poetry book, and Hylozoic.	A comic book and a romance book	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	Why did they borrow a book?	commonsense	To enjoy reading	They had a school essay.	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	When did they return the book?	text	In three weeks	After the narrator finished reading it	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Who borrowed a book?	text	The story teller.	A friend	0
making scrambled eggs	0	Did they cook vegetables with the eggs?	text	yes, with onions and peppers	no, narrator used fruit	0
making scrambled eggs	1	Why did they put the egg in the pan that way?	commonsense	To cook it	No eggs used	0
making scrambled eggs	2	Where did they make the scrambled eggs?	commonsense	in the kitchen, near the stove	in the bedroom, on the floor	0
making scrambled eggs	4	Who made the scrambled eggs?	text	The author	daughter	0
making scrambled eggs	5	When were the eggs taken out of the pan?	commonsense	when they were done cooking	they were left on the pan to be eaten off of	0
making scrambled eggs	6	How did they crack the eggs?	commonsense	with a knife	Hand	1
making scrambled eggs	7	What color were the egg yolks?	commonsense	yellow, just like normal eggs	Green	0
making scrambled eggs	8	When did they turn the stove off?	commonsense	Never did	once the eggs were done cooking	1
making scrambled eggs	9	When were the eggs added to the pan?	text	after the pan heated up.	after the onion	0
preparing dinner	0	Who prepared the dinner?	text	the neighbor	The narrator	1
preparing dinner	1	Where did they prepare the dinner?	commonsense	In the bedroom	In the kitchen	1
preparing dinner	2	How many people was the food for?	text	seven	one	1
walking a dog	0	Does the dog like walks?	commonsense	No he does not.	yes he does.	1
walking a dog	1	Was the dog angry?	commonsense	No he was not.	Yes he was.	0
walking a dog	2	How did they get ready to walk the dog?	text	They feed the dog first	gathering toys, food etc.	1
walking a dog	3	Did the dog see any other dogs while on the walk?	text	There were no other dogs at the park.	yes	1
walking a dog	4	How was the weather?	text	The weather was fine.	It was raining outside.	0
walking a dog	5	Where did they go with the dog?	text	They went to the park.	a dog beach	0
setting the dining table	0	How long does it take to set the table?	commonsense	not long	1 hour	0
setting the dining table	1	What supplies were needed for setting the table ?	text	dinnerware, silverware and cups	just cups and plates	0
setting the dining table	2	Who is cooking the dinner?	text	Dad	Mother	1
setting the dining table	3	How far in advance did they set the table?	commonsense	right before	Day prior	0
setting the dining table	4	Who is setting the table?	text	narrator and brother	Mother	0
setting the dining table	5	Who set the table?	text	the narrator and their brother	mom and sister	0
setting the dining table	6	Did they need hot pads on the table?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
setting the dining table	7	Where is the dinner at?	commonsense	At a restaurant	the dining room at home	1
setting the dining table	8	When was the silverware put on the table?	text	first	right before they ate	1
setting the dining table	9	Was it a celebration?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
chopping vegetables	0	What will we do with the vegetables after we chop them?	text	put them in the oven	Place them into a pot	1
chopping vegetables	1	Were the vegetables getting cut?	text	yes	no	0
chopping vegetables	2	What did they chop the vegetables on?	text	Wooden chopping board	Just the counter	0
chopping vegetables	3	Where were the vegetables chopped?	text	On a chopping board	Kitchen Counter	0
chopping vegetables	4	How many different kinds of vegetables are there?	text	3	5	0
chopping vegetables	5	What meal were the vegetables used for?	text	salad	chicken noodle soup	1
chopping vegetables	6	Did they have any help?	commonsense	no	yes	0
chopping vegetables	7	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	The sick friend	the narrator	1
chopping vegetables	8	Where were they doing it?	commonsense	bathroom	In their kitchen	1
chopping vegetables	9	When did they pull out the cutting board?	text	last	When they started to make the soup	1
chopping vegetables	10	Why did they decide to chop vegetables?	commonsense	To make shapes out of them	to prepare the soup	1
walking a dog	0	How long did they spend walking their dog?	commonsense	a while	a few minutes	0
walking a dog	1	Did the dog get tired?	text	yes	no	0
walking a dog	2	Did they use a leash or a harness or both?	text	They used a harness	They use a leash	1
walking a dog	3	Did the dog bark while on the walk?	text	yes, when it sees squirrels	no	0
walking a dog	4	How was the walk?	text	good	they hate it	0
walking a dog	5	What time did they walk the dog?	text	After dinner	afternoon time	1
walking a dog	6	Where did they go along the way?	text	the zoo	the neighborhood and sometimes green space	1
walking a dog	7	Why did the dog stop in the middle of the walk?	text	Because she is stubborn	Because she's tired	1
walking a dog	8	What was the name of the dog they walked?	text	Dante	Stella	1
feeding an infant	0	Who fed the baby?	commonsense	the author	A trained nurse.	0
feeding an infant	1	what does the infant do after being fed?	text	The baby burped.	The baby smiled.	0
feeding an infant	2	How long have they been feeding the baby?	text	one hour	The baby ate for 15 minutes	1
feeding an infant	3	How long did it take the infant to finish the bottle?	text	Fifteen minutes.	an hour or so	0
feeding an infant	4	Why did they heat up the milk?	commonsense	The baby liked hot food.	Babies don't like cold milk	1
feeding an infant	5	How can you tell when it's time to feed the infant?	text	The infant cries.	When the baby was sneezing.	0
feeding an infant	6	What type of food did they feed the infant?	text	baby formula	mashed peas	0
making a dinner reservation	0	Who made the phone call?	text	The sister, Rachel.	the author	1
making a dinner reservation	1	Who made the reservation?	text	the brother	the author	1
making a dinner reservation	2	do they like planning dinners ahead?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
making a dinner reservation	3	How long in advance was the reservation made?	text	10 days	A month.	1
making a dinner reservation	4	What type of event is the dinner for?	text	a birthday party	a surprise dinner for their parents 30th wedding anniversary	1
making a dinner reservation	5	What time is the reservation for?	text	6 AM	6pm	1
making a dinner reservation	6	Why did they want a reservation at that restaurant?	text	to make sure they had a table with seats for everyone	it was their parent's favorite restaurant	0
making a dinner reservation	7	Was the person they made the reservation with friendly?	commonsense	Yes	no, he was unfriendly and rude	0
making a dinner reservation	8	When did they call the restaurant?	text	Day of event	A month ahead	1
making a dinner reservation	9	Why did they have to make a reservation?	commonsense	to make sure they had a table	to make sure the restaurant was closed	0
making a dinner reservation	10	How will they get to the restaurant?	commonsense	fly	drive	1
making a dinner reservation	11	When will they be seated?	commonsense	at 2 o'clock	near 6 PM	1
paying bills	1	Who delivers the bill to where it needs to go?	commonsense	A Neighbor	the mailman	1
paying bills	2	When were the bills due?	text	the end of the month	1st of the month	1
paying bills	4	Are they using a computer to pay their bills?	text	no	yes	1
paying bills	5	Will there be bills in the future?	commonsense	No, he'll live for free.	yes	1
getting the newspaper	0	Is the newspaper written everyday?	text	yes	No.	0
getting the newspaper	1	Do they get the paper daily?	text	No.	yes	1
walking a dog	0	Why does he run away?	text	rabbit or chasing a squirrel	to chase a rabbit	0
walking a dog	1	When did they finish their walk?	text	after sniff in garden	when I yell for her	0
feeding an infant	0	Whose baby are they feeding?	commonsense	someone else's baby	their baby	0
feeding an infant	1	What did the infant sit on while eating?	commonsense	High chair.	speaker's lap	1
feeding an infant	2	Did the infant have to be burped after eating?	text	Yes	no, it threw up so no need for burping	0
feeding an infant	3	How can you tell when it's time to feed the infant?	commonsense	You guess.	it's not stated but everyone knows infants must be fed on a schedule every 2 - 3 hours	1
feeding an infant	4	Who was feeding the infant?	commonsense	Babysitter.	the neighbor	0
cleaning the bathroom	0	Did they mop the floor?	text	yes	no they did not	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	When will the bathroom be cleaned next?	commonsense	when it gets dirty again	next week.	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	Did they use a mop?	text	no	yes	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	How did the bathroom get dirty?	commonsense	it was not dirty at all	normal use	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	Where is the bathroom?	commonsense	in a hotel	in their home	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	Who cleaned the bathroom?	text	the narrator	someone else	0
cleaning the bathroom	6	Did anyone help them clean the bathroom?	text	no	a team cleaned it.	0
cleaning the bathroom	7	What did they clean first?	text	the toilet	picked up laundry on floor	1
cleaning the bathroom	8	Did the bathroom have a window?	text	no it did not.	yes	1
cleaning the bathroom	9	How did the bathroom look before?	text	clean	messy	1
getting the newspaper	0	Where did they read the newspaper?	commonsense	at the store	Home	1
getting the newspaper	1	Did they have enough money?	text	No	Yes they did.	1
getting the newspaper	2	Why did they buy a newspaper?	text	They don't get a subscription	They wanted to see the coupons	0
getting the newspaper	3	Do they read it at home?	commonsense	No,they read it at work.	Yes, but do not subscribe	1
getting the newspaper	4	When did they read it?	commonsense	When they returned home.	As soon as they got in the car.	0
getting the newspaper	5	Did the paper get wet from rain?	commonsense	no	yes	0
ironing laundry	0	Can they burn themselves?	commonsense	Yes if they aren't careful	No, the iron is too cool	0
ironing laundry	1	How hard is it to learn how to iron?	commonsense	Easy to learn.	It takes years of training	0
ironing laundry	2	Why did they iron?	text	To get wrinkles out of the clothes	To put a patch on clothing.	0
ironing laundry	3	When did the iron get hot?	text	after being turned on	Before it was plugged in	0
ironing laundry	4	Why did they turn off the iron?	commonsense	Safety	To iron	0
ironing laundry	5	Why did the clothes need to be ironed?	text	To get the wrinkles out	Remove stains	0
setting the dining table	0	Do they need to set condiments at the table?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
setting the dining table	2	Who is setting the table?	text	The hostess	narrator of the story	1
setting the dining table	3	How long did setting up the table take ?	commonsense	a few hours	A few minutes.	1
setting the dining table	4	How many places did they set?	text	12 one at least one occasion	16 places	0
taking a shower	0	Did they enjoy their shower?	text	No	Yes	1
taking a shower	1	What time did they get into the shower?	text	Right after turning on the water	In the morning.	1
taking a shower	2	Did they take a long shower?	text	Yes	no, a fast rinse off	0
taking a shower	3	Did they just enjoy standing under the shower head or immediately soap up?	text	Enjoyed standing	soap up right away	0
taking a shower	4	Did they wait for the water to heat up before they got into it?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	0
feeding an infant	0	Are they feeding the baby with warm food?	text	No.	Yes, the parental figure warmed the food up in the microwave.	1
feeding an infant	1	Where did they feed the infant?	text	The infant was sitting in a high chair.	on a booster chair	0
going to the swimming pool	0	Who went swimming?	text	Two sisters.	narrator and their friend	1
going to the swimming pool	1	What did they bring with them?	text	Nothing	Swim gear.	1
going to the swimming pool	2	Where was the swimming pool located?	text	opposite side of town	near the friends house	1
going to the swimming pool	3	Did their mother take them to the pool?	commonsense	No	yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	Where was the book?	commonsense	On the shelf at the library	kid's room	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	How did they check out the book?	text	The librarian at the desk checked us out.	Self checkout.	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	How many books did they get?	commonsense	seven books	6 books per week with the adult card.	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Is the person who borrow the book an adult?	text	No	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	Who did they go with to the library?	text	Dad	Family	1
borrowing a book from the library	6	Who was in the library?	commonsense	people	animals	0
cleaning up toys	0	Where were the toys?	commonsense	might be on the floor	in the attic	0
cleaning up toys	1	Are the children usually messy?	commonsense	no, they always put things back in their place	Yes	1
cleaning up toys	2	Why did they have to clean up the toys?	commonsense	they never clean up	Because the room was messy.	1
cleaning up toys	3	Did it look messy?	commonsense	Yes	No, they didn't have to clean anything.	0
cleaning up toys	4	Did the person picking up the toys have any help?	commonsense	No.	Yes.	0
cleaning up toys	5	Where did they clean up?	commonsense	at home	in the yard	0
preparing a picnic	0	How long did it take to prepare all the food?	commonsense	2 hours	a few minutes	1
preparing a picnic	1	When did they want to have the picnic?	text	that day	the day after	0
preparing a picnic	2	Where did they go for the picnic?	text	lake	park	0
preparing a picnic	3	What was the weather like?	commonsense	good	raining	0
shopping online	0	Why did they order it?	commonsense	They wanted to	for mom	0
shopping online	1	Who did they order things for?	commonsense	assuming themselves	gifts for friends	0
shopping online	2	How long did it take to buy the item online?	commonsense	all day	quickly	1
going on a train	0	Why did they travel by train?	text	Too far to drive	they didn't travel by train	0
going on a train	1	Did they sleep on the train?	text	Yes they napped the whole way	No they did not sleep	1
going on a train	2	What did they do there?	text	Visit a friend	they enjoyed the trip there	1
going on a train	3	Who was going on the train?	text	The author	The writer's friend	0
changing a baby diaper	0	What are baby wipes for?	text	to wipe the babies down	Cleaning off the table.	0
changing a baby diaper	1	Where did they throw away the baby wipes?	commonsense	over the fence	The trash can.	1
changing a baby diaper	2	Who changed the baby's diaper?	text	the aunt	Anna	0
changing a baby diaper	3	How did they change the diaper?	text	Undressed the baby, removed the dirty diaper, cleaned the baby, put a clean diaper on the baby.	Undressed the baby, removed the dirty diaper, put on a clean diaper, wiped the baby clean	0
changing a baby diaper	4	How did they know the diaper was dirty?	commonsense	The baby was tired.	It smelled bad.	1
changing a baby diaper	5	Why did the baby's diaper need to be changed?	text	they were messy	it was wet	0
changing a baby diaper	6	how long did it take to change the diaper?	commonsense	5-10 minutes	1 hour	0
changing a baby diaper	7	What was the baby wearing?	text	A diaper	A dress.	0
repairing a bicycle	0	When did they start to repair the bicycle?	text	when they got to the station	before pumping up the tire	0
repairing a bicycle	1	What did they fix?	text	chain	A hole in the bicycle tire	1
repairing a bicycle	2	Was the bike repairable?	text	no	yes	1
repairing a bicycle	3	Was the bicycle fixed at the end of the story?	text	yes	no	0
repairing a bicycle	4	Was the rider injured when riding it?	text	yes	no	1
repairing a bicycle	5	Did the customer ride the bicycle once it was repaired?	text	no	yes	1
taking a driving lesson	0	Who was the driver?	text	the teacher	the student	1
taking a driving lesson	2	Did they use their seat belt?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a driving lesson	3	Who is the coach of the lesson?	text	the parents	A driving instructor	1
taking a driving lesson	4	Did they need to go to more lessons?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a driving lesson	5	Did the class involve actual driving in a car or just learning?	text	Just learning in a class	both	1
taking a driving lesson	6	Were they driving for the whole time?	text	yes	no	1
taking a driving lesson	7	Were they taking the lesson to renew their license or get a new one?	text	Renew their license	to get a new one	1
taking a driving lesson	8	Where did they drive to during the lesson?	text	in a parking lot	the highway.	1
mailing a letter	0	Do they expect a response to their letter?	commonsense	Probably	No because the grandmother died the day the letter was mailed	0
mailing a letter	1	Did anyone help to write the letter?	commonsense	Yes, their friend helped.	No, they wrote it themselves.	1
mailing a letter	2	did they go to the post office to mail it?	text	Yes, they went to the post office.	No, they delivered it in person	0
mailing a letter	3	Who was the letter sent to?	text	Speaker's grandmother	President Trump	0
mailing a letter	4	Did they hire someone or are they doing it for themselves?	text	They did it themselves.	They hired someone to write it.	0
mailing a letter	5	Did they go inside the post office?	text	Yes, they went inside the post office.	No, they slipped it under the door	0
mailing a letter	6	Did it take a long time to mail the letter?	commonsense	Less than a half-hour	Yes, due to the snowstorm	0
writing a letter	0	Was there a reason to write this letter?	commonsense	To maintain a friendship.	To complain about a purchase.	0
writing a letter	1	How many stamps did they use?	text	1	3	0
writing a letter	2	Where does the recipient live?	text	Arizona	Mississippi.	0
writing a letter	3	Did they write the letter at a desk?	text	No at the counter	Yes they did.	1
writing a letter	4	Was it sealed with a kiss?	commonsense	yes	no	1
writing a letter	5	Did they write the letter anonymously or did they sign it?	commonsense	they sent it anonymously	they signed it	1
writing a letter	6	Did they write in a hurry or did they seem to choose their words carefully?	commonsense	wrote in a hurry	chose their words carefully	1
writing a letter	7	To whom did they send the letter?	text	Their Mother.	their best friend	1
writing a letter	8	Did they use pen or pencil to write the letter?	text	They used a pen.	They used a pencil.	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	Is the medicine hard to swallow?	commonsense	Yes, it was hard to swallow the pills.	no, the baby had no trouble swallowing it	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	What kind of medicine is it?	text	allergy medicine	medicine to reduce fever	1
giving a medicine to someone	2	What's their medicine?	text	Tylenol	Aspirin.	0
giving a medicine to someone	3	How did they take the medicine?	text	they used an empty syringe filled with medication and fed it to the baby	on a spoon	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	Where did they go to get the medicine?	text	the pantry	in the bedroom	0
giving a medicine to someone	5	How difficult was it to give the medicine to the patient?	text	it was very hard to give the medicine	easy	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	Did the medicine taste good or bad?	text	It tasted good.	it tasted bad	0
taking a driving lesson	0	Who was there with them?	text	Other students and instructors	a policeman	0
taking a driving lesson	1	Who administered the test?	text	The driving instructor.	The father	0
taking a driving lesson	2	How many people were in the car?	text	5	two	1
taking a driving lesson	3	Did the class involve actual driving in a car or just learning?	text	just learning	It involved both.	1
visiting the beach	0	Did they go alone?	text	Yes, they did.	No, they did not.	1
visiting the beach	1	Did they go swimming?	commonsense	yes	no	0
visiting the beach	2	What were they wearing?	commonsense	bathing suits	suits and ties	0
visiting the beach	3	How long did they stay at the beach?	commonsense	30 minutes	hours	1
visiting the beach	4	When did they leave the beach?	commonsense	The same day.	after an hour	0
going to a shopping centre	0	Who else went with?	commonsense	Bobby, Jimmy, and their friends	Bobby and his family	0
going to a shopping centre	1	Where was the shopping center?	text	far away	Two blocks from school	1
going to a shopping centre	2	How did they get there?	commonsense	They walked	They caught the school bus	0
going to a shopping centre	3	Where did they go shopping?	text	The shopping center 2 blocks from school.	the arcade	0
ordering a pizza	0	Did they eat at the restaurant?	text	no in home only	Yes	0
ordering a pizza	1	Why did they pick those toppings?	commonsense	they like those toppings	meatball was unavailable	0
ordering a pizza	2	When did the pizza arrive?	text	30 minutes later	an hour later	0
ordering a pizza	3	Who ate the pizza?	commonsense	the delivery person	the person who ordered it	1
ordering a pizza	4	How many people ate the pizza?	text	more then three	one	1
ordering a pizza	5	Why did they want their address?	commonsense	They wanted to send coupons.	They needed to know where to deliver the pizza.	1
ordering a pizza	6	Who ordered the pizza?	text	narrator	My husband did.	0
ordering a pizza	7	When did they pay for the pizza?	text	over the phone with a credit card	when it was delivered	1
going on a date	0	Where did they meet this person?	text	at school	work place	1
going on a date	1	Did they enjoy themselves on their date?	text	no, they were sad	yes, they both said they want a 2nd date	1
going on a date	2	Is it a lunch or dinner date?	text	dinner date	lunch date	0
going on a date	3	Where did they go on their date?	text	a movie	Out to eat.	1
going on a date	4	Did they plan to have another date after this one?	text	no	yes	1
going on a date	6	Did they eat anything?	text	No they did not.	Yes they ate.	1
getting the newspaper	0	Was the store inside or an outside stand?	text	outside stand	inside	0
getting the newspaper	1	Who got the paper?	text	the teacher of the class	A student.	1
getting the newspaper	2	How long did they have to wait til they got the newspaper?	text	hours	A few minutes.	1
getting the newspaper	3	Where did they read it?	text	On the way to their next class.	In a classroom.	0
getting the newspaper	4	Where did they take the newspaper?	text	Home	To their next class	1
going dancing	0	Who came with this person to go dancing?	text	their friends	Their neighbors.	0
throwing a party	0	What are they celebrating?	text	Their son's graduation party	Their son's birthday party	1
throwing a party	1	Where was the party?	text	Their backyard.	at school	0
throwing a party	2	Who was the party for?	text	their son	Their daughter.	0
throwing a party	3	Was there food and drinks at the party?	text	yes	no	0
throwing a party	4	Why did they choose to have the party there?	text	there was not enough space	because there was a lot of room	1
throwing a party	5	Did people have fun at the party?	text	no	yes	1
throwing a party	7	Was the party for friends or family?	text	only family	both	1
throwing a party	8	How did the party go?	text	bad	very well	1
going to a funeral	0	how did they get killed or die?	text	Sickness	She was in a car accident	0
going to a funeral	1	Why did they say a prayer before the burial?	commonsense	They are Christian.	Because the priest wanted to	0
going to a funeral	2	What did they wear?	text	Formal attire	a blue suit	0
going to a funeral	3	Who were they honoring at the funeral?	text	Their mom	the author's father's mother	1
going to a funeral	4	Whose funeral was it?	text	Grandma's	the aunt	0
going to a funeral	5	Who's funeral was it?	text	the author's grandmother	Aunt Rose Elizabeth	0
going to a funeral	6	Where was the funeral held?	text	at church	At home	0
washing clothes	0	Did they go to a laundry mat?	text	Yes, they went to the laundry mat.	No, they did laundry at home.	1
washing clothes	1	How long after did they put the clothes in the dryer?	text	They waited a few hours to put them in the dryer.	They put them in as soon as the washer was done.	1
washing clothes	2	Was the clothes hand washed?	text	Yes, they hand washed them.	No, they used a washing machine.	1
washing clothes	3	How many loads did they wash?	text	They did one load of laundry.	They did four loads of laundry.	0
making a hot dog	0	What did they put the hot dog in?	text	A bread bun	In a soup	0
making a hot dog	1	How long did it take them to make the hot dog?	text	It took about 10 minutes.	It took about 5 minutes.	1
making a hot dog	2	What condiment did they use?	text	They had mustard and relish	They had ketchup.	0
making a hot dog	3	Is the hot dog for themselves?	text	Yes	No	0
making a hot dog	4	Why did they make a hot dog?	commonsense	They want to use the burner	Because they were hungry.	1
making a hot dog	5	What condiments did they put on the hot dog?	text	They had mustard and relish	They had ketchup.	0
making a hot dog	6	How long did it take to make the hot dog?	text	About five minutes	It took 10 minutes.	0
feeding a cat	0	How did they open the food?	commonsense	they used a can opener	Tore or cut the bag open	1
feeding a cat	1	How long did it take to prepare the food?	commonsense	a few minutes	one hour	0
ironing laundry	0	What did the iron do to the clothes?	commonsense	Burned them	Got out the wrinkles	1
ironing laundry	1	Did they only iron clothes?	text	yes	no	0
ironing laundry	2	Did they do anything else while they ironed?	commonsense	Yes, they danced and sang	no	1
ironing laundry	3	When did they turn off the iron?	commonsense	Last week	When they had finished ironing everything	1
ironing laundry	4	how did the clothes get wrinkled?	commonsense	Iron	From wearing them and wash	1
ironing laundry	5	have they ironed before?	commonsense	no	yes	1
ironing laundry	6	Who ironed the laundry?	text	the narrator	They made their kids do it	0
flying in a plane	0	Were they served a meal?	text	No they received no food	yes, chicken	1
flying in a plane	1	What did they see?	text	The night sky through the window	The Grand Canyon	0
flying in a plane	2	Was a meal given on flight?	text	yes, a light dinner	No they received no food	0
flying in a plane	3	Why do people need to check in	commonsense	for their own benefit	to get their boarding pass	1
flying in a plane	4	Were they in first class?	commonsense	Yes they were in first class	no, middle of the plane is not first class	1
flying in a plane	5	Why are they flying?	text	Traveling to NYC	to go on a vacation	0
flying in a plane	6	Did they sleep on the plane?	text	Yes, they slept on and off	not at all	0
making scrambled eggs	0	Where did they make the scrambled eggs?	text	The bathroom.	Kitchen.	1
making scrambled eggs	1	What meal was this?	text	Dinner	Breakfast	1
making scrambled eggs	2	How long did it take them to cook the scrambled eggs?	commonsense	Approximately 5 minutes	More than an hour	0
making scrambled eggs	3	What time of day did they make scrambled eggs?	text	Morning.	Afternoon	0
making scrambled eggs	4	Who were they cooking for?	text	themselves	A whole family.	0
making scrambled eggs	5	When do they put the eggs in the pan?	text	after greasing the pan	Before they scrambled the eggs	0
making scrambled eggs	6	How many eggs did they use?	text	Three	4	0
making scrambled eggs	7	Where did they eat the eggs at?	commonsense	At the table	They ate standing up by the kitchen counter.	0
making scrambled eggs	8	Why are the eggs fluffy?	text	They added pepper.	They added milk.	1
making scrambled eggs	9	Who made the scrambled eggs?	text	The eggs.	The narrator	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	When did they give the medicine?	text	when the girl was ill	they never gave her meds	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	Why is the medicine given?	text	She was sneezing.	to help the girl feel better!	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	What amount of medicine did they give them?	text	A whole spoonful	half spoonful	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	Who needs the medicine?	text	The family friend's son.	the daughter/girl	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	What's the medicine for?	text	Stomach issues.	Headache	0
giving a medicine to someone	6	How did they administer the medicine to them?	text	By spoon	With a pill	0
paying bills	0	Were any of the bills overdue?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
paying bills	1	Will there be bills in the future?	text	No	yes, monthly	1
paying bills	2	What were the bills for?	text	utilities	Cable,cell phone,and rent.	0
paying bills	3	When are the bills due?	text	Monthly.	the 15th	0
paying bills	4	Are they using a computer to pay their bills?	commonsense	Yes	no	1
paying bills	5	Why did they pay their bills?	text	for fun	you must pay your bills or bad things will happen, like the lights turned off	1
paying bills	6	Where did they pay the bills?	text	via the mail	they drove to each place with cash	0
paying bills	7	Did they talk to anyone on the phone about their bills?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
paying bills	8	Who sent the bills?	text	The companies.	their parents	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Where did they plug the vacuum in at?	text	Into the furthest outlet	closest outlet	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	When did they start vacuuming?	text	Yesterday	This morning	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	Did they vacuum the whole carpet?	commonsense	Assuming yes	No, just a foot of it	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Why was the carpet dirty?	text	The cats shed hair and track litter	They have dogs	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	What was the first thing they did?	text	They got the vacuum out of its storage place in the front closet	They mopped the floor	0
cooking pasta	0	What kind of pasta was it?	text	Bow tie pasta	Penne noodles	0
cooking pasta	1	Did they put cheese on the pasta?	text	yes the sprinkle parmesan cheese on it	No.	0
cooking pasta	2	Who cooked the pasta?	text	girlfriend	Their boyfriend.	1
cooking pasta	3	Did they put sauce on the pasta?	text	yes, mixed together	no, separate	0
cooking pasta	4	Does the pasta come out delicious or not?	commonsense	no, it doesn't	Presumably yes	1
cooking pasta	5	Who were they cooking the pasta for?	commonsense	The neighbor lady	Themselves.	1
cooking pasta	6	What sauce did they use for their pasta?	text	fresh made tomato sauce	a jar of pre-made creamy garlic sauce	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Is the trashcan inside or outside?	text	Inside	Outside	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Why did they take the trash out?	text	Mom asked them.	It was full.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	How long until the garbage bag need to be removed again?	commonsense	When it gets full	One week	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	How did it smell?	commonsense	Bad	it didn't smell	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	How many people did it take to change the garbage bag?	text	One.	Two.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Were they doing a chore?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Did the garbage bag not fit properly?	commonsense	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Why did they replace the bags?	text	It was smelly	It was full	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	Where was the trash can?	text	in the garage.	Kitchen.	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	9	how long did it take them to find the new bags?	commonsense	Not long	A long time	0
making a camping trip	0	Why are they going camping?	text	It is a family vacation	Their house is being repainted	0
laying flooring in a room	0	What did they do before they started to work?	text	they had to walk on it a few times	They measured the floor.	1
laying flooring in a room	1	Where did they get flooring materials?	text	They went to the store.	in the backyard	0
laying flooring in a room	2	what room is being redone?	text	The bathroom floor	The kitchen floor.	1
laying flooring in a room	3	Why are they replacing the flooring?	text	It looks nice	it is in bad shape	1
laying flooring in a room	4	Who will be helping them?	text	They hired a contractor.	No one, they did it alone.	1
making a bonfire	0	Why did they have a bonfire?	text	So they could make s'mores and sing camp fire songs	They were feeling cold	0
making a bonfire	1	Who came to the bonfire?	text	friends and family	friends alone	0
making a bonfire	2	What did they use for fuel?	text	Pine needles, tree limbs and pieces of wood	grass	0
making a bonfire	3	Who started the bonfire?	text	family member	JON	1
making a bonfire	4	Was it a celebration?	text	yes party	NO	0
making a bonfire	5	Were other people helping them build the bonfire?	text	NO ONE	yes, their friend Jon	1
going to a funeral	0	Where did they go after the funeral?	text	They went home,	work	0
going to a funeral	1	What is going to happen to the deceased after the funeral?	text	they will leave him in the funeral home	He will be buried	1
going to a funeral	2	How long is the funeral?	text	one day	Two days.	1
going to a funeral	3	Why was there a viewing before the burial?	commonsense	Free gifts	It's traditional	1
going to a funeral	4	Were there mourners?	text	No, there were not any.	Yes,people were there mourning.	1
going to a funeral	5	How long did the funeral last?	text	over two days	2 hours	0
going to a shopping centre	0	Was a shopping cart available?	commonsense	no, they weren't	yes, they were	1
going to a shopping centre	1	Why did they go to that center?	text	It has lots of places to choose from there.	They like the restaurants	0
going to a shopping centre	2	How did they get there?	text	drove a car	Took the bus.	0
going on a date	0	Who is going to drive?	text	Her	boyfriend drove	0
going on a date	1	What did they eat on the date?	text	sushi	italian	0
going on a date	2	What did they do to prepare for the date?	text	She showered and did her make-up	Nothing, they went straight from work.	0
going on a date	3	Will they go on another date?	commonsense	Yes, they are still together	no	0
going on a date	4	Did they see a show or a movie on the date?	text	show	Yes, they saw a horror movie	1
going on a date	5	Who made the date plans?	commonsense	They decided together	The storyteller	0
going on a date	6	Who went on the date?	text	The narrator and her current boyfriend	The storyteller and her mother	0
going on a date	7	Did they eat anything?	text	no	yes	1
going on a date	8	Where did they meet at?	text	The boyfriend's house	at restaurant	0
playing tennis	0	Where was the tennis court located?	text	At the tennis club	At the gym	0
playing tennis	1	Who won the match?	text	Their friend	Narrator	0
playing tennis	2	How long did they play for?	text	a few hours	one hour	1
playing tennis	3	Did they have fun?	text	yes	no	0
playing tennis	4	What time did they stop playing.	commonsense	9 pm	At 10pm	0
playing tennis	5	Where exactly were they playing?	text	The tennis court at the tennis club	their yard	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	How did they decide where to sit?	commonsense	there was an empty space	They found a table by the front windows.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where did they order their food?	commonsense	counter inside	Drive-in	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Why did they choose fast food?	text	Because the service is fast	they had a coupon	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	What did they order?	text	fries, chicken sandwich and water	hamburger and fries	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	How did they pay?	commonsense	Cash, the attendant gave them change.	with a credit card	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Where did they drive the car to?	text	Wendy's hamburgers	chick fil a restaurant	1
making a dinner reservation	0	How important was it to make a reservation?	commonsense	not important at all	very important	1
making a dinner reservation	1	Was the reservation very far in the future?	commonsense	Yes, it was for a month later.	No it was for that upcoming Friday.	1
making a dinner reservation	2	Did they call for the reservation or did they go there first?	text	first reservation	they went there first	0
making a dinner reservation	3	do they like planning dinners ahead?	text	No, they didn't think they needed to.	yes at restaurant	1
making a dinner reservation	4	Why did they ask for the reservation?	text	They were celebrating their boyfriend's birthday.	Because they didn?t know the manager.	0
driving a car	0	Were they taking someone somewhere?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
driving a car	1	Where did they drive from?	commonsense	School	From their home to a destination.	1
driving a car	2	How good was the driver?	commonsense	They are reckless and run red lights.	good, obeyed all traffic laws	1
checking in at an airport	0	What method did they use to check in?	text	Curbside check-in	They use the self-service kiosk to check in.	0
checking in at an airport	1	Did they buy the ticket online or their in the terminal?	text	They brought their ticket online.	terminal	0
checking in at an airport	2	Are they checking in any bags, or traveling with carry on only?	text	Carry on only	Checking bags	1
checking in at an airport	3	Did everything go smoothly at check in?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
checking in at an airport	4	Why are they traveling?	text	Going on a business trip	They are traveling for vacation.	1
going grocery shopping	0	How did they pay for their groceries?	text	either cash or debit card, she didn't say which she used that day	Check.	0
going grocery shopping	1	What did they buy at the store?	text	They bought groceries.	They bought shoes.	0
making a camping trip	0	Do they like camping?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making a camping trip	1	why did they build a fire?	text	it was getting dark	out of boredom	0
making a camping trip	2	How will they cook their food?	text	in an oven	Using the bonfire.	1
making a camping trip	3	Have they camped before?	commonsense	no	Yes, they knew how to set up their tent	1
making a camping trip	4	Who went camping?	text	A stranger	the author	1
making a camping trip	5	What did they cook on the campfire?	text	hamburgers and fries	Hotdogs and marshmallows	1
washing dishes	0	Did they wash the dishes in the sink or in a dish washer?	text	sink	dish washer	0
washing dishes	2	What tools are they using to wash the dishes?	text	a sponge and some soap	dishwasher	0
washing dishes	3	Why are they washing the dishes?	text	they were dirty	They ran out of dishes	0
washing dishes	4	why do they wash the dishes	commonsense	they were dusty	They are dirty	1
washing dishes	5	What do they do before washing dishes	text	put soap in the sink	eat dinner	1
washing dishes	6	Who was doing the washing?	text	narrator	my partner	0
washing dishes	7	When did they wash the dishes?	text	this morning	Last night after dinner	1
going to the dentist	0	How many cavities did they have?	commonsense	They had three.	None	1
going to the dentist	1	Who did they go see	text	The lawyer.	Dentist	1
going to the dentist	2	Why were they there?	commonsense	Cleaning	To fix a cavity	0
going to the dentist	3	What was the reason for the visit?	commonsense	to fill a cavity	Cleaning and checkup	1
going to the dentist	4	Who had an appointment?	text	Their child	The author	1
going to the dentist	5	Why did they need to go to the dentist?	commonsense	A cleaning and checkup	To fill cavities	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Why did everyone dress up at the wedding?	commonsense	Because they wanted to look nice	Because they were given nice clothes when they arrived.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	How did the bride and groom exchange vows?	commonsense	They spoke them after the priest said a few words	They didn't exchange vows.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Why was the ceremony happening?	text	Two people were getting married	It was a birthday celebration	0
attending a wedding ceremony	3	What season was the wedding in?	text	Summer	winter	0
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Who was the ceremony for?	commonsense	Bride and Groom	John and Mary	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Why did they vacuum the carpet?	text	There was dirt	There were a lot of crumbs.	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	What debris was on the carpet?	text	Milk	Crumbs	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	Did they get any help from any other family members?	text	Yes, their brother moved the furniture.	No.	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Was the carpet very dirty?	text	No not at all	Yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	Where did they plug the vacuum in at?	text	A central spot	In a spot that wouldn't cover the whole room	0
vacuuming the carpet	5	What did they do after vacuuming?	text	Relaxed	Went to bed	0
vacuuming the carpet	6	What room did they vacuum?	text	Living room	The kitchen.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	What room was the alarm clock in?	commonsense	the student's bedroom	the kitchen	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	How did they put the new batteries in?	text	took the old ones out and replaced	making sure to align the negative to the positive symbol.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	Why did the batteries need changing?	text	they were new	they were dead	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	How many batteries did they throw away?	text	two batteries	ten batteries	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	How long did it take to change the batteries?	commonsense	few minutes	3 days	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	What happened to the old batteries?	text	sat on them	threw them out	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	6	Why did the batteries die?	commonsense	they ran out of power	Exploded	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	7	Who changed the batteries?	text	His mom	Author	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	8	Why did they change the batteries?	text	Ran out of power	there were no batteries in the clock	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	9	Why did they need to change the batteries?	text	Old batteries died	batteries were new	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	10	How long has the clock needed new batteries?	commonsense	Less than a day	two days	0
shopping online	0	Have they ever ordered online before?	commonsense	Yes, they have ordered online before.	No, they haven't ordered online.	0
shopping online	1	do they like shopping online more than in the store?	text	Yes, they prefer shopping online.	No, they prefer going to the store.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	0	When did they wash their hair?	text	This morning	Last night	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Did something get in their hair for them to be washing it?	commonsense	yes	no	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	How many times did they wash their hair?	text	twice	once	1
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Did they wash their hair in the shower?	text	yes	no	0
washing one¡¯s hair	4	What time of day did they wash their hair?	text	Afternoon	in the morning	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Where did they wash their hair?	text	shower	In the sink	0
washing one¡¯s hair	6	What kind of soap did they use?	text	Shower gel	Shampoo	1
washing one¡¯s hair	7	Were they inside or outside?	commonsense	inside	outside	0
cleaning the floor	0	Why are they cleaning?	text	They dropped their food.	The dog drooled on the floor	0
cleaning the floor	1	why is there stuff all over the floor?	text	The dog made them drop the food.	It fell off the table	0
cleaning the floor	2	are they mopping the floor?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning the floor	3	Who is cleaning?	text	Thaddeus is cleaning.	The story teller	1
making omelette	0	Who ate the omelette?	text	The person who cooked it.	Their wife.	1
making omelette	1	Who cooked the omelette?	text	The storyteller.	Wife.	0
making omelette	2	What things did they add into the omelette?	text	Mushrooms and spinach	Salt and milk.	1
making omelette	3	How long did it take to heat up the pan?	commonsense	It took several hours.	not long	1
making omelette	4	How long did it take to make?	commonsense	not long	It took several hours.	0
making omelette	5	How long did it take to cook?	commonsense	not long	It took several hours.	0
making omelette	6	Where was the omelette made?	commonsense	In the bedroom.	In the kitchen.	1
making omelette	7	Was it a lot of work to make an omelette?	commonsense	No, its not a lot of work.	Yes, its very hard to do.	0
making omelette	8	Where was the food cooked?	commonsense	in the dining room	In the kitchen.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Did they wash their hair in the sink?	text	Yes, the bathroom sink.	No, they said most people use the shower or bath.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	1	How did their hair feel after they washed it?	commonsense	dirty	Most people would say their hair feels lighter and fluffier.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Is the water hot or just warm?	text	the water is warm	the water is hot	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Why did they wash their hair?	text	They were forced to	it was oily	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did they mention why they were washing their hair?	text	Because hair gets dirty after a day or two.	They were getting paid to	0
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Did someone wash their hair for them or did they do it themselves?	text	hairdresser washed it	did it themselves	1
changing a light bulb	0	How long did it take for them to find a replacement?	text	a few hours	It took a few minutes	1
changing a light bulb	1	How long did it take to remove the old bulb from the socket?	commonsense	a moment	4 minutes	0
changing a light bulb	2	Who asked to have the light bulb changed?	commonsense	Noone asked	The roommate	0
changing a light bulb	3	When did they notice the light bulb burned out?	text	while trying to turn the light on for the roommate	when their roommate came home	0
changing a light bulb	4	Why did they turn off the light switch before they screwed in the bulb?	commonsense	safety	it was too bright	0
changing a light bulb	5	What was done with the old light bulb?	text	wrapped up and thrown away	recycled	0
changing a light bulb	6	Was the light bulb still hot?	text	Yes, it burned the person's hand	no, it was never lit up	1
changing bed sheets	0	Did they iron the bed sheets before putting them on?	text	Yes	No	1
changing bed sheets	1	What did they use to change the sheets?	commonsense	A friend helped	Their hands	1
changing bed sheets	2	How did they clean the old bed sheets?	text	Hand washing them	They put them in the washing machine	1
changing bed sheets	3	Where did they buy those sheets?	text	At a store	online	1
changing bed sheets	4	Whose bed sheets needed changing?	text	their friends	theirs	1
changing bed sheets	5	whose bed sheets did they belong to?	text	The person telling the story	The friend Mike	0
changing bed sheets	6	Do they do this job by themselves?	text	Yes	No a friend helped	0
changing bed sheets	7	Why did they change the bed sheets?	commonsense	Wanted new ones	The bed sheets were dirty	0
changing bed sheets	8	why did the bed sheets need to be changed?	commonsense	the old ones were worn out	They needed washing	1
changing bed sheets	9	Did they make the bed after changing the bed sheets?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning the floor	0	how many people are doing this?	text	One person.	Twelve people.	0
cleaning the floor	1	why is the floor dirty?	text	Food had been spilled on it and there was mud	Someone spilled a bottle of soda	0
cleaning the floor	2	How did they clean up all of the stains?	text	With a broom	By mopping	1
cleaning the floor	3	Where did they get the mop?	text	From the bathroom.	From the closet.	1
cleaning the floor	4	Did anybody help them?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
cleaning the floor	5	Was company coming over?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
cleaning the floor	6	When did they finish cleaning the floor?	commonsense	In a year	After mopping	1
making coffee	0	Where did they put the used coffee filter?	commonsense	in the fridge	Trash.	1
making coffee	1	What cups did they drink from?	text	styrofoam cups	their respective mugs	1
making coffee	2	Do they usually drink coffee?	commonsense	no	yes	0
making coffee	3	When did they make coffee?	text	As they were leaving.	in the morning after waking up	1
making coffee	4	How did they feel after drinking the coffee?	text	Much better.	more tired than before	0
making coffee	5	Are they still in their pajamas?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making coffee	6	Where did they make the coffee?	text	the attic	Kitchen.	1
making coffee	7	When was the coffee made?	text	in the morning	in the evening	0
making coffee	8	Who cleaned up the counter around the coffee maker?	text	the girlfriend	the speaker	1
making coffee	9	How long did they take to prepare the coffee?	text	2 hours	less than 5 minutes	1
making coffee	0	How did the coffee tastes?	text	It tasted bitter.	It tasted delicious.	1
making coffee	1	Was the coffee made at a house or in a restaurant?	text	At a restaurant	It was made at home.	1
making coffee	2	Was the coffee an espresso?	text	Yes, they made an espresso.	No, it was just coffee.	1
making coffee	3	Who made the coffee?	text	narrator	wife	0
making coffee	4	How much coffee was made?	text	a cup	A pot full	1
making coffee	5	Was the color of the coffee dark?	commonsense	Yes, because they didn't add anything to it.	No, they added half and half so it wasn't as dark.	1
making coffee	6	How much coffee did they make?	text	A pot full	A cup	0
making coffee	7	What did they add to their coffee?	text	cream	They added sugar.	0
chopping vegetables	0	Were they preparing a meal?	text	yes a dish	no	0
chopping vegetables	1	Are the vegetables washed off before they are chopped?	text	Yes	No	1
chopping vegetables	2	How did they chop vegetables?	text	In a food processor	They were cutting them evenly.	1
chopping vegetables	3	Who will be helping out with the chopping?	text	Nobody	The narrator's husband	0
chopping vegetables	4	What were they cut on?	text	Counter	Cutting board	1
chopping vegetables	5	Were the vegetables cut on a clean table?	text	Yes, right on the table	no, cutting board	1
chopping vegetables	6	Where did the vegetables come from, a garden or the supermarket?	text	Supermarket.	Garden	0
chopping vegetables	7	Why did they need to chop vegetables?	text	They were preparing a dish for a party	For dinner	0
chopping vegetables	8	What were they doing with the food?	text	Using it for dinner	They were preparing it for a meal.	1
chopping vegetables	9	What kind of vegetables did they chop?	text	Carrots, celery, potatoes, and others	Tomatoes and cucumbers	0
chopping vegetables	10	Were the vegetables getting cut?	text	No.	Yes	1
making a bonfire	0	Who was sitting around the fire?	text	Author and family members	no one	0
making a bonfire	1	were they actually camping or just at someones home?	text	They were the Author's home.	They went camping.	0
making a bonfire	2	who was at the bonfire?	text	The author and his family.	Author and Justin Bieber	0
making a bonfire	3	Where was the fire?	text	Backyard of the home.	down the street	0
making a bonfire	4	Who came to the bonfire?	text	Next door neighbors.	Author and family came to bonfire.	1
making a bonfire	5	Why did they make a bonfire?	text	Because it was very cold and they needed to warm up.	To roast hot dogs.	0
renting a movie	1	why did they rent a movie?	commonsense	To have fun.	They had a coupon	0
renting a movie	2	Was the movie one they'd seen before?	text	no	yes	1
renting a movie	3	where did they rent it from?	text	Blockbuster	Grocery store	0
renting a movie	4	what genre is the movie?	text	romance	Animated	1
renting a movie	5	Who asked for the movie to be rented?	text	The manager of the video store.	The boy telling the story.	1
cleaning the shower	0	How did they clean the shower?	text	with multiple products	spraying it and leaving it overnight	0
cleaning the shower	1	What did they use to help them clean?	text	A sponge and some cleaner.	They only used cleaner.	0
cleaning the shower	2	Was the cleaner in a house or another type of building?	commonsense	house	in the garage	0
cleaning the shower	3	Who else was there?	text	their good friend	no one	1
cleaning the shower	4	What kind of brush did they use to clean the shower walls?	text	no brush- a sponge	Brillo Pad	0
cleaning the shower	5	Did they enjoy cleaning the shower?	text	no	yes	0
cleaning the shower	6	whose shower is it?	text	Speaker's boss	Speaker's	1
cleaning the shower	7	What did they clean the shower with?	text	blast off, white sponge	just water	0
taking a shower	0	Did they leave the bathroom window cracked open to vent out the steam?	text	no, but they should have	yes	0
taking a shower	1	Was it a normal shower or a chemical shower?	commonsense	chemical shower	normal shower	1
taking a shower	2	Where were they taking a shower?	text	Basement	Bathroom	1
taking a shower	3	Where was the shower being taken?	text	At the gym	home	1
taking a shower	4	Did they shower alone?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
renovating a room	0	Whose house was the room in?	text	Their house	The narrator's neighbor	0
renovating a room	1	Was there any furniture in the room?	text	yes	no	0
renovating a room	2	Did they like the renovations?	commonsense	no	yes	1
renovating a room	3	How long did it take to complete the renovation?	commonsense	A week	An afternoon	1
renovating a room	4	How long did it take to complete the job?	text	An afternoon	One week	0
renovating a room	5	What tools did they use?	commonsense	paint brushes and rollers.	no tools used	0
planting a tree	0	What kind of environment does the tree need?	text	cloudy	sunny	1
planting a tree	1	Why are trees important?	commonsense	to fill the yard	sustainability, oxygen	1
planting a tree	2	How many trees total did they plant?	text	1	23	0
planting a tree	3	Do they need special tools to plant the tree?	text	drill	garden tools, watering can	1
planting a tree	4	Where will they plant the tree?	text	in their yard	park	0
planting a tree	5	Was the tree in someone's backyard?	text	no	yes	1
making a hot dog	0	How did the hot dog taste?	text	Good	Bad	0
making a hot dog	1	Who did they make the hot dog for?	text	a neighbor	themselves	1
making a hot dog	2	Did they enjoy eating the hot dog?	commonsense	yes	no they hated it	0
making a hot dog	3	Did they burn the hot dog?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making a hot dog	4	Will they cut the hot dog up?	commonsense	No they won't	Yes they will	0
making a hot dog	5	Who made the hot dog?	text	The author	the wife	0
making a hot dog	6	Did they have to order a special type of hot dog?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making a hot dog	7	Was the hot dog prepared on a grill?	text	yes	no they boiled	1
laying flooring in a room	0	What tools did they use?	text	They used a screwdriver.	spacer, hammer and block	1
laying flooring in a room	1	What type of flooring are they using?	text	Hardwood flooring	laminate flooring	1
laying flooring in a room	2	What type of flooring was it?	text	bamboo flooring	laminate flooring	1
laying flooring in a room	3	Did they do a good job on the floor?	commonsense	no	yes	1
laying flooring in a room	4	Did they hire anyone to do it for them?	text	no, they did it themselves	yes, they paid someone else	0
going to the theater	0	How did they purchase the ticket?	text	They bought them online.	At the theater	1
going to the theater	1	Did they go with anyone else?	text	Yes, with their friend and their fathers.	No, they went alone.	0
going to the theater	2	Did they like the movie?	text	Yes, they thought it was a great movie.	No, they didn't like the movie.	0
going to the theater	3	Did they enjoy the show?	text	No, they ended up not liking it.	Yes it was great	1
making soup	0	What kind of soup was it?	text	Chicken soup	Beef soup	0
making soup	1	Did they make the soup on the stove top?	text	Yes, they boiled it.	No, they used the oven.	0
making soup	2	Who asked for the soup?	commonsense	nobody	Their son was sick.	0
making soup	3	Was the soup a microwave soup?	text	yes	no	1
making soup	4	How long did it take for the water to boil?	commonsense	normally takes between 10 -12 min	Two hours	0
making soup	5	Where was the soup made?	commonsense	At the restaurant	In their home.	1
going to the swimming pool	0	Why did they go swimming?	commonsense	Didn't swim	Because it was hot outside and they wanted to cool off and have fun	1
going to the swimming pool	1	Was it a hot day when they went swimming?	text	No, it was pretty chilly.	Yes, it was a hot day.	1
going to the swimming pool	2	Did they wear sunscreen?	text	Yes, they both wore sunscreen.	No, they wanted to get a tan.	0
going to the swimming pool	3	Who else did they bring with them to the swimming pool?	text	They brought a group of kids.	their friend	1
going to the swimming pool	4	How hot was it outside when they went to the pool?	text	It was very hot out.	Very cold	0
going to the swimming pool	5	How long did it take them to get to the swimming pool?	commonsense	It took them two hours to walk there.	A little while	1
cleaning up toys	0	Did the person who left out the toys get punished?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
cleaning up toys	1	Did they clean the kitchen?	text	No, they cleaned their bedroom.	Yes, they cleaned the kitchen.	0
cleaning up toys	2	Were the toys outside or inside?	text	They were inside.	They were outside.	0
cleaning up toys	3	Whose toys were they?	text	child	They were a friend's toys.	0
cleaning up toys	4	Did anyone help them?	text	No, no one helped them.	Yes, their mom helped them.	0
cleaning up toys	5	Who played with the toys?	text	A friend played with them.	child	1
cleaning up toys	6	Why did they clean up the toys?	text	Because their mom told them to.	To make their bedroom safe.	1
cleaning up toys	7	How many rooms did they clean?	text	Two rooms.	Just one.	1
cleaning up toys	8	Who picked up the toys?	text	Their mom	child	1
cleaning up toys	9	Was there a time limit to complete the task?	commonsense	Yes there was.	No, there was no time limit.	1
playing tennis	0	where did they play?	commonsense	Baseball Field	in a tennis court	1
playing tennis	1	Why did they stop playing?	text	They hurt their ankle badly.	Fractured wrist	0
playing tennis	2	Did they have fun?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
playing tennis	3	Does both sides get to serve?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
playing tennis	4	Who was the one who stopped playing suddenly?	text	the narrator	The team	0
going to the theater	0	Did they go with anyone else?	text	Yes	No	0
going to the theater	1	What was the movie about?	text	Wonder woman.	Thunder girl.	0
going to the theater	2	Why did they see that movie?	text	Friend wanted to!	Desired to.	1
going on a train	0	Where were they going?	text	NYC	Boston	0
going on a train	1	How long did they wait at the station?	text	Ten minutes.	all day	0
going on a train	2	How many stops did the train make on its route?	text	none	A few	1
going on a train	3	Where were they traveling to?	text	NYC	Boston	0
going on a train	4	Who was traveling by train?	text	their neighbors	The narrator	1
going on a train	5	Did the conductor forget to board the train?	text	Yes	No	1
throwing a party	0	Why did they choose to have the party there?	text	Cost and size	it was the cheapest place they could find	0
throwing a party	1	Was it an adult party or a children's party?	commonsense	adult party	children's party	0
throwing a party	2	What kind of food was served?	text	Italian food	Mexican food	1
throwing a party	3	Who bought the drinks for the party?	text	narrator and their friend	The people who came to the party.	0
throwing a party	4	Was the room decorated nicely?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
throwing a party	5	Was there food and drinks at the party?	text	No	Yes, Mexican food from El Juan Pollo.	1
setting the dining table	0	For whom was the table set ?	text	the baby only	their family	1
setting the dining table	1	How long did it take to set the table?	commonsense	not long. maybe 10 min if that	More than an hour	0
setting the dining table	2	Who set the table?	text	the baby did	they did	1
setting the dining table	3	Where is the dinner at?	text	Home	Restaurant.	0
setting the dining table	4	Where was the table?	text	In their dining room	in the kitchen	0
setting the dining table	5	How long did setting up the table take ?	commonsense	More than an hour	maybe 10 min	1
setting the dining table	6	When did they set the dining table?	text	Every night	in the morning	0
setting the dining table	7	Who is setting the table?	text	Auhtor	the husband	0
sewing a button	0	Were they in their house when they sewed on the button?	text	no	yes	0
sewing a button	1	Where were they when they sewed on the button?	text	at school	at grandma's house	1
sewing a button	2	Did they know how to sew on a button?	text	yes	no (the narrator did not)	1
sewing a button	3	Where did it take place?	text	at the neighbor's house	at grandma's house	1
sewing a button	4	What color was the shirt?	text	blue	green	0
sewing a button	5	Did they have a special place to sew it back on?	text	no	yes	1
sewing a button	6	Did they use a needle to sew it?	text	no	yes	1
sewing a button	7	where are they sewing	text	their grandma's house	the kitchen	0
sewing a button	8	What is being used to sew the button?	text	needle and thread	Sewing machine	0
going to a funeral	0	Why did everyone drive in a line?	commonsense	ease of driving	to follow the car with the casket	1
going to a funeral	1	where is it being held?	text	At a church in Utah	at the cemetery	0
going to a funeral	2	Where was the funeral held?	text	at the cemetery	At a church	1
going to a funeral	3	Was the funeral in a church?	text	Yes it was.	No it was not.	0
going to a funeral	4	Why did they play music at the ceremony?	commonsense	tradition	for something to listen to	0
going to a funeral	5	How long did the funeral last?	text	A short time	Three Hours	0
making fresh orange juice	0	Where did they get the oranges?	text	Her parents.	the narrator's parents	1
making fresh orange juice	1	Who ran the juicer?	text	the parents	the narrator	1
making fresh orange juice	2	What was the juice served in?	text	Pitcher.	A bowl	0
making fresh orange juice	3	Where were they making it?	commonsense	in the kitchen	At work.	0
making fresh orange juice	4	Were there other people there?	text	No.	Him and his wife	1
making fresh orange juice	5	How did the juice taste?	text	sour at first, but sweeter with the sugar	spoiled	0
making fresh orange juice	6	What did they add to the juice?	text	Water and sugar.	lemon	0
making fresh orange juice	7	Was the juice for a celebration?	commonsense	yes	No.	1
wrapping a gift	0	Why did they put a bow on it?	commonsense	To make it look pretty	they did not put a bow on it	0
wrapping a gift	1	Who wrapped the gift?	text	A neighbor	the narrator	1
wrapping a gift	2	Why did the paper rip?	commonsense	the paper was too loose	it did not rip	1
wrapping a gift	3	How long did it take to wrap the gift?	commonsense	All day.	20 minutes	1
wrapping a gift	4	what is the gift for?	text	daughter's birthday	for Christmas	0
wrapping a gift	5	When were they going to give the gift to someone?	text	on Christmas	next day	1
wrapping a gift	6	How did they seal the wrapping paper?	text	with glue	with tape	1
wrapping a gift	7	What type of wrapping paper was it?	text	Birthday Pink with flowers	Blue with clouds	0
wrapping a gift	8	What color wrapping is being used?	text	pink	blue	0
wrapping a gift	9	Who was the gift for?	text	their daughter	their son	0
wrapping a gift	10	Were they working alone?	commonsense	yes	No, they had help.	0
cleaning up a flat	0	Who cleaned the flat?	text	The narrator.	The merry maid.	0
cleaning up a flat	1	Are they at their house cleaning?	text	Yes	No.	0
cleaning up a flat	2	What did they use to clean the carpet?	text	a mop	A vacuum cleaner	1
cleaning up a flat	3	Why did they decide to clean up the flat?	text	just to  clean it up	friend coming to visit	1
cleaning up a flat	4	Was it a light or heavy cleaning?	commonsense	light	heavy	1
throwing a party	0	What did they have to do to prepare for the party?	text	Send out invitations and decorate.	Decorate the living room and make sandwiches	0
throwing a party	1	What time did the party start?	text	morning	once her sister arrived in the evening	1
throwing a party	2	What type of cake was there?	text	Wedding cake	home made birthday cake	1
throwing a party	3	Was everyone happy?	text	Yes they were	No	0
throwing a party	4	Who was the party for?	text	her brother	The storyteller's sister	1
throwing a party	5	How did they decorate for the party?	text	streamers, balloons and party hats	they hire a decorator	0
throwing a party	6	Where was the party held?	text	the narrator's basement	chucky cheese	0
working in the garden	0	Is it a vegetable or flower garden?	text	vegetable	Flower.	0
working in the garden	1	Why do they want a garden?	text	all of the work it needs	To grow vegetables to eat.	1
working in the garden	2	Was there a lot of work to do in the garden?	text	No, there were not many weeds.	yes	1
working in the garden	3	Were they enjoying working in the garden?	text	No, it was too hot.	Yes, they were having fun talking.	1
working in the garden	4	Why did they take a break from working?	text	They had to go to town.	They did not take a break.	1
working in the garden	5	Why did they choose not to plant any seeds that day?	commonsense	They did not have time.	plants already growing well	1
working in the garden	6	What did they weed?	text	bush weeds	The sidewalk cracks.	0
working in the garden	7	When did they decide to work in the garden?	text	today	Yesterday.	0
making scrambled eggs	0	What did they put the scrambled eggs on?	text	A car	a plate	1
making scrambled eggs	1	How many do they scramble at a time?	text	only one egg	two	1
making scrambled eggs	2	How long did it take for the eggs to cook?	text	a few minutes	10 hours	0
making scrambled eggs	3	Who ate the eggs?	commonsense	themselves	the dog	0
making scrambled eggs	4	Where did they make the scrambled eggs?	commonsense	the bathroom	kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	5	Why did they put the egg in the pan that way?	text	Because they were bored	so the eggs don't stick	1
making scrambled eggs	6	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	After spraying the pan	after the eggs are cooked	0
making scrambled eggs	7	How long do the eggs cook for?	text	a few minutes	one hour	0
making scrambled eggs	8	Why did they make scrambled eggs instead of something else?	text	They are easy.	They are tasty and healthy.	1
making scrambled eggs	9	For who did they cook the eggs for?	commonsense	for the dog	for themselves	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	How many batteries did the clock take?	text	Two batteries.	One.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	Who changed the batteries?	text	Their co-worker.	The person telling the story	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	Did they put the lid back on the alarm clock?	text	Yes they did.	No they didn't.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	Who did the alarm clock belong to?	commonsense	A friend.	The author	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	Why do they need an alarm clock?	commonsense	To wake them up.	to go to sleep	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	Did the alarm clock still work?	text	No	Yes	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	6	Where was the alarm clock?	commonsense	Kitchen	Their bedroom.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	7	Why did they need to change the batteries?	commonsense	To make sure the batteries didn't die	The batteries were dead.	0
changing a light bulb	0	What were they doing before they changed the light bulb?	text	Painting.	hearing a story told to them	1
changing a light bulb	1	Why did they turn off the light switch before they screwed in the bulb?	commonsense	fun	safety	1
changing a light bulb	2	Who changed the light bulb	text	the mother	Papa	1
changing a light bulb	3	When did they replace the light bulb?	text	the next day	immediately	1
changing a light bulb	4	Did it break when it went out?	commonsense	no, because papa unscrewed it	YES	0
changing a light bulb	5	Who helped change the light bulb?	text	Nobody	grandma	0
changing a light bulb	6	Why did they have to change the old light bulb?	text	it was old.	It went out	1
changing a light bulb	7	Were they there when it went out?	text	yes	no	0
changing a light bulb	8	Is it hard to change a light bulb?	commonsense	yes, always	not for most people	1
changing a light bulb	9	Did they have to use a chair in order to reach the light bulb?	text	yes	No.	1
changing a light bulb	10	How long did it take for them to find a replacement?	commonsense	A short time	days later	0
changing a light bulb	11	Did they test the bulb to see if it worked after they screwed it in?	text	No.	Yes, they turned the light back on	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Did they enjoy the juice?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making fresh orange juice	1	Who squeezed the juice?	text	mom	speaker	1
making fresh orange juice	2	When did they drink that orange juice?	commonsense	before squeezing it	after squeezing it.	1
making fresh orange juice	3	What did they add to the orange juice?	text	sugar	nothing	1
making fresh orange juice	4	What did they do with the juice?	commonsense	drank it	threw it away	0
making fresh orange juice	5	What did they use to make the juice?	text	a machine or hand	blender	0
playing tennis	0	How did they score a point?	commonsense	By cheating.	By winning a volley, or getting an ace.	1
playing tennis	1	Would they play tennis again?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
playing tennis	2	Did they bring a lot of tennis balls?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
playing tennis	3	Where did they play tennis?	text	by their apartment clubhouse.	At the gym.	0
playing tennis	4	Did they play at a community court or a private court, like at a home?	text	A private court.	a community court.	1
playing tennis	5	Why were they playing tennis?	commonsense	For money.	They liked it	1
playing tennis	6	Why did they decide on playing tennis?	commonsense	Because they just played baseball.	They liked it.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Did they wash their hair in the shower?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	How did they wash their hair exactly?	text	They wet their hair and then put some shampoo in their hand and worked up a lather. Then they rinse their hair until there were no more bubbles.	Lather,wet,rinse.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	How long did they keep the shampoo in their hair before rinsing it out?	text	About a minute or two!	For an hour	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Why were they washing their hair?	text	routine	They got food in it.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Who is washing their hair?	text	The storyteller.	Their mother is washing their hair.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Did they use shampoo and conditioner?	text	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
answering the phone	0	What did they say when they picked up their phone?	text	hello	Howdy	0
answering the phone	1	Who was the person who answered the phone?	text	the phone's owner	the receptionist	0
going grocery shopping	0	What did they buy?	commonsense	Items on mother's list	Items on father's list	0
going grocery shopping	1	When did they pay?	commonsense	After leaving the store.	When they were finished shopping	1
going grocery shopping	2	What did they do when they had their groceries?	text	Got in the check out line	Ate the food while waiting in line	0
answering the doorbell	0	What did they do after it rang?	text	Went to the door	sat and continued to eat breakfast	0
answering the doorbell	2	When did they hear the doorbell ring?	text	In the morning, during breakfast	tomorrow morning	0
answering the doorbell	3	Who was at the door?	text	grandma	The mailman	0
answering the doorbell	4	When did someone ring the doorbell?	text	This morning	this afternoon	0
answering the doorbell	5	How long ago was it when someone rung the doorbell?	commonsense	Yesterday	Not long	1
answering the doorbell	6	How did they answer the door?	text	They checked the peephole.	Unlocked and opened	1
answering the doorbell	7	Are they an expected visitor?	commonsense	no	yes	0
answering the doorbell	8	Was the person ringing the doorbell the mailman?	text	No, it was the grandmother.	Yes, it was the mailman.	0
answering the doorbell	9	Did they shut the door in the person's face?	text	Yes	No, they opened the door for the person.	1
answering the doorbell	10	Will the visitor be allowed in the house?	commonsense	No, the visitor was not allowed into the house.	presumably	1
cleaning up toys	0	When did they start cleaning up the toys?	text	after they finished playing	When it was time to go home	0
cleaning up toys	1	What were they doing before cleaning up?	commonsense	sleeping	playing with toys	1
cleaning up toys	2	When did they start cleaning the flat?	text	after lunch	After they finished playing with the toys	1
cleaning up toys	3	Where were the toys before being cleaned up?	text	all around the house	in the kitchen	0
cleaning up toys	4	Did they have to pick up other items?	commonsense	no, only toys	yes, dishes too	0
cleaning up toys	5	Are the children usually messy?	text	No, the children are very neat and tidy.	Yes, the children are messy when they play with toys	1
cleaning up toys	6	Where did they put the toys away?	text	They put the toys into their proper bin, cabinet, shelf, bedroom etc.	In the toy room	0
cleaning up toys	7	Who did the toys belong to?	text	the children	adults	0
cleaning up toys	8	How did they clean up toys?	text	the threw them out	They picked them up and put them away	1
making scrambled eggs	0	Which type of meat did they mix in with the eggs?	text	ham	none	1
making scrambled eggs	1	How long did it take them to cook the scrambled eggs?	commonsense	few minutes	about an hour	0
making scrambled eggs	2	How many eggs did they use for the scrambled eggs?	text	2 large eggs	four	0
making scrambled eggs	3	How long were the eggs on the stove?	commonsense	2 hours	few minutes	1
making scrambled eggs	4	Did they have the scrambled eggs for breakfast?	text	No, they were for lunch	yes, they were for breakfast	1
making scrambled eggs	5	For who did they cook the eggs for?	text	themselves and their family	just themselves	0
making scrambled eggs	6	did they make sure to spray the pan first so it wouldn't stick?	text	Yes, they sprayed the pan with cooking spray.	The used oil, not spray.	1
making scrambled eggs	7	Where were they cooking?	commonsense	in the pantry	the kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	8	What ingredients did they use to make the scrambled eggs?	text	Milk, eggs, salt and pepper, plus cheese	eggs, salt and pepper plus oil for cooking	1
making scrambled eggs	9	Were they making the scramble eggs just for themselves?	text	no	yes	0
making scrambled eggs	10	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	before they turned on the stove	when the pan was hot	1
borrowing a book from the library	0	How long did they borrow the book for?	text	for a few days	for 3 weeks	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	Why do they need this book?	text	for a book report	To write a research paper.	1
borrowing a book from the library	2	did they borrow many books?	text	Yes	No.	1
borrowing a book from the library	3	Was the book fiction?	commonsense	yes	no	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Who rented them the book?	text	The librarian/library	A friend	0
borrowing a book from the library	5	Did they go on the library computers while they were there?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a driving lesson	0	Why do they not know how to drive?	commonsense	They are young and just learning	Because they forgot.	0
taking a driving lesson	1	Did they use their seat belt?	commonsense	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
taking a driving lesson	2	Did the lesson require a test on paper?	commonsense	Yes it did.	No it did not.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Why did they choose this restaurant?	text	Because they like the food	They don't like their food	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Was there a waiter?	commonsense	yes	no	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Where did they order their food?	text	sitting in the car	the narrator ordered the food, while the mom went and found a seat and table	1
answering the phone	0	Why did the person on the other line call?	text	cancel meeting	to join for dinner	0
answering the phone	1	Who was the person who answered the phone?	text	The person telling the story's friend.	The speaker	1
answering the phone	2	What time did they receive the call?	text	at breakfast	Dinner time	1
answering the phone	3	How long did they talk to them?	commonsense	They talked for an hour.	1 minute	1
answering the phone	4	What did they say to answer the phone?	text	hi mom!	"Hello, Joy."	1
answering the phone	5	Was it close to breakfast, lunch, or dinner?	text	It was close to dinner.	Lunch	0
answering the phone	6	Why did they call?	text	To cancel a meeting	to come into work immediately	0
answering the phone	7	Did they call home phone or cell phone?	text	They called the home phone.	They called their cell phone.	1
answering the phone	8	Was the phone answered for an emergency?	commonsense	No, there was no emergency.	Yes, there was an emergency	0
answering the phone	9	Why did they answer?	text	In case it was an emergency.	To see who it was.	0
answering the phone	10	What were they doing before they answered the phone?	text	Having dinner with a friend	Watching a movie.	0
answering the phone	11	Where were they when they were called?	text	They were in the dining room.	work	0
taking a photograph	0	How long did it take to snap the picture?	commonsense	A few minutes	3 hours	0
taking a photograph	1	Did they know they were taking the picture?	commonsense	No, they didn't mean to take the picture.	yes	1
working in the garden	0	Were they an experienced gardener?	text	somewhat yes	No, they are a novice.	0
working in the garden	1	What kind of vegetables were in the garden?	text	They grew cucumbers.	They grew tomatoes.	1
working in the garden	2	Who was doing the work?	text	the narrator	The farmer at the farm stand.	0
working in the garden	3	What kind of garden was it?	text	It is a flower garden.	Vegetable.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Were they in a shower, a tub, or a sink?	text	Tub	Shower	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	How do they dry their hair?	text	Blow dryer	with a towel.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Who was washing their hair?	text	A hair stylist	Themselves	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Why did they wash their hair?	commonsense	it didn't say.	Daily routine	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Did they use conditioner?	text	Yes	No	0
washing one¡¯s hair	6	What time of day did they wash their hair?	text	evening	Morning time	1
washing one¡¯s hair	7	Where did they wash their hair?	text	Sink	Shower	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	How many batteries does the clock need?	commonsense	15	2-4	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	When did they get the batteries?	text	today	Yesterday.	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	How long did it take them to reprogram the clock?	commonsense	2 hours	2 minutes	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	What did they do with the old batteries?	text	threw away	Recycled them	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	Where did they get the batteries from?	text	Their closet.	the store	1
ironing laundry	0	Where did they keep the ironing board and iron?	text	in the livingroom	closet	1
ironing laundry	1	How long did it take to iron the clothes?	commonsense	Just a few minutes.	About 2 hours.	0
ironing laundry	2	When did they turn off the iron?	text	at night	when the shirt was ironed	1
ironing laundry	3	Why did they need to be careful?	commonsense	the board would fall	to not burn anything	1
ironing laundry	4	Who ironed the laundry?	text	Their spouse.	the author	1
ironing laundry	5	How long did they iron?	commonsense	a few minutes	an hour	0
ironing laundry	6	Why did they keep the iron facing away from themselves?	commonsense	So they could read the settings.	to keep from burning themselves	1
ironing laundry	7	Who was Ironing?	text	The maid.	the author	1
visiting relatives	0	How were they related?	text	It is their mom's side of the family.	It was their father's side of the family	0
visiting relatives	1	Where do the relatives live?	text	New Bern, North Carolina	Peachland, NC	1
visiting relatives	2	Which relatives did they visit?	text	Their dad's side of the family.	Aunt Shirley, Grandmother	1
visiting relatives	3	What type of food did they eat?	text	They ate Southern food.	hot dogs, hamburgers	0
repairing a bicycle	0	Was the bike repaired?	text	No	Yes	1
repairing a bicycle	1	Did the seat need to be repaired?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
repairing a bicycle	2	Who repaired the bicycle?	text	The narrator	the repairman	0
repairing a bicycle	3	Was the bike repairable?	text	yes	no	0
repairing a bicycle	4	Who fixed the bicycle?	text	The narrator	repairman	0
sending party invitations	0	whose party is it?	text	their son	Matt.	0
sending party invitations	1	Who received the invitations?	text	Their son's friends.	Their enemies.	0
sending party invitations	2	How did they mail the invitations?	text	with stamps	Handing them out.	0
checking in at an airport	0	Where are they flying to?	text	Florida.	California	0
checking in at an airport	1	Who did they go with?	text	Their wife	Their children.	0
checking in at an airport	2	How many people are they checking in for?	text	Four	Two	1
checking in at an airport	3	Did everything go smoothly at check in?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
calling 911	0	How long did they wait to call 911?	text	Until they made sure no one else did	right away	1
calling 911	1	What time was 911 called?	commonsense	in the morning	After the accident.	1
calling 911	2	Who was involved in the incident that led to calling 911?	text	Person in parked car	Truck driver	1
calling 911	3	Was anyone injured?	text	No one was injured.	Yes the truck driver.	1
calling 911	4	Where were they when the medics arrived?	text	On the highway	Parking lot of the store	1
calling 911	5	What happened to cause them to call 911?	text	A truck driver crashed into a parked car and was injured	The store was being robbed.	0
calling 911	6	Why did they call 911?	text	The store was being robbed.	they heard a crash and saw someone injured	1
calling 911	7	Where were they when they called?	text	Inside of the store	Outside	0
mowing the lawn	0	Did they mow is straight lines?	text	Yes	No	0
mowing the lawn	1	Was it a gas mower?	text	No	Yes	1
mowing the lawn	2	Was the grass very long before they mowed the lawn?	text	Yes	not really	0
mowing the lawn	3	Was the grass long or short before they mow the lawn?	text	it was still pretty short from last time, but wanted to touch it up	Long	1
mowing the lawn	4	Did they ride the mower?	text	no	yes, the lawn was to large to mow other wise	0
mowing the lawn	5	When will they cut again	commonsense	When the grass gets tall	When the grass turns brown	0
making tea	0	Did they use a tea bag or loose tea?	text	They used a tea bag.	They used loose tea.	1
making tea	1	Do they make tea regularly?	commonsense	Yes, they make tea often.	No, this was their first time.	0
making tea	2	What type of sweetener did they use?	text	He sweetened it with honey.	He added sugar to it.	1
making tea	3	Who was there making tea?	text	the narrator	His wife made them tea.	0
making tea	4	Why did they use a kettle?	text	the like the kettle	To boil the water.	1
making tea	5	Did they cool the tea before drinking?	text	No, he drank it hot.	Yes, he added ice.	1
painting a wall	0	Who painted the wall?	text	Two workmen	she did	0
painting a wall	1	How many people helped paint the wall?	text	Two	Four	0
painting a wall	2	How many people did it take to do the painting?	text	One	Two	1
painting a wall	3	What did they use to reach the high part of the wall?	text	stepladder	box	0
painting a wall	4	How did they mix the paint?	text	they shook it	A wood stirrer	1
painting a wall	5	Was it their house or someone else's?	text	speakers house	neighbors house	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Where was the wedding ceremony held?	text	in a chapel	At the beach	1
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Where did the wedding take place?	text	Miami	On a beach in Mexico.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Was the weather nice?	text	Yes, it was sunny.	No, it was stormy	0
going to the dentist	0	What was wrong with them?	text	They needed a cavity filled.	They had a broken tooth.	0
going to the dentist	1	Who did they go with?	commonsense	They went with their sister.	no one	1
going to the dentist	2	Who had an appointment?	text	The person telling the story.	their friend did	0
going to the dentist	3	Why did they have to go to the dentist	text	They needed a cavity filled.	a teeth cleaning	0
going to the dentist	4	Why did they need to go to the dentist?	text	They were scheduled for X-Rays	They had a cavity that needed filling	1
going to the dentist	5	Why did he take x-rays of their teeth?	commonsense	To give the assistant some X-Ray training	check for cavities	1
making fresh orange juice	0	How did they get the juice out of the orange?	text	The Author squeezed the oranges.	in an electric juicer	0
making fresh orange juice	1	How many oranges did they use?	text	five	ten	1
making fresh orange juice	2	Did they squeeze it themselves?	text	no	yes	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Where were they making it?	commonsense	Kitchen	in the bathroom	0
making fresh orange juice	4	When did they drink that orange juice?	commonsense	For lunch	For breakfast	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Who was making it?	commonsense	A grocery store clerk?	The Author	1
making fresh orange juice	6	Why did they want to make fresh orange juice?	commonsense	it tastes delicious!	They wanted it for dinner	0
making fresh orange juice	7	What did they put the orange juice inside?	text	a glass	A mug	0
checking in at an airport	0	Did everything go smoothly at check in?	text	no	yes	1
checking in at an airport	1	Why are they flying somewhere?	text	for business	They are going on vacation	1
checking in at an airport	2	What method did they use to check in?	commonsense	names and Identification to get boarding passes	did not check in	0
checking in at an airport	3	Why are they traveling?	text	They are attending a birthday party	They are taking a vacation at Disneyland	1
making a bed	0	What did they place at the end of the bed?	text	a pillow	a throw blanket	1
making a bed	1	Did they use new sheets to make the bed?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making a bed	2	Who made the bed?	text	The wife of the storyteller	the husband	1
making a bed	3	Why did they make the bed?	text	because their wife told them to	To make it look nice and clean	1
making a bed	4	Why did they want to make the bed?	text	Wife asked him to make the bed.	to make the room look nice and clean	1
making a bed	5	Do they leave the pillows on top when they make the bed?	text	yes	no	0
making a bed	6	When did they make the bed?	commonsense	In morning	Night	0
making a bed	7	Where is the bed?	commonsense	In the kitchen	in their bedroom	1
painting a wall	0	Why was a specific color used to color the wall?	text	To match the current color.	It matched the color of the marker	0
painting a wall	1	When did they paint the wall?	text	After the cat scratched up the paint.	After their son colored it	1
painting a wall	2	What did the painter use to put the paint on the walls?	text	They used a roller brush.	They used a paint brush.	0
painting a wall	3	When did they start painting the wall?	text	After their son drew on it.	On their vacation	0
painting a wall	4	How did they make sure no paint got on the floor?	text	They put an old rug on the floor	They laid down newspapers	1
painting a wall	5	Was it their house or someone else's?	commonsense	their house	someone else's	0
going to a funeral	0	Who's funeral is it?	text	Grandfather's	this person's sister	0
wrapping a gift	0	do they think the wrapping is pretty?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
wrapping a gift	1	Was the gift for a holiday?	text	Yes, it was for Easter.	No, it was for a birthday	1
wrapping a gift	3	Why did they wrap the gift?	text	To be nice.	To make it look nice.	1
wrapping a gift	4	did they pick the gift out?	text	No, they had help.	yes	1
wrapping a gift	5	What was on the wrap?	text	blue	kitties	0
wrapping a gift	6	Did they use glue to wrap it?	text	No, they used tape.	yes	0
wrapping a gift	7	When did they use scissors to cut the paper?	text	After measuring.	before I sat the box on top	0
fueling a car	0	Did they try pumping the gas?	text	No, it was a full service station.	Yes, they pumped their own gas.	1
fueling a car	1	Why did they need gas?	text	Their car was empty	For fun.	0
fueling a car	2	Where did they fuel the car?	text	in the garage	At a gas station.	1
fueling a car	3	Where did they put fuel in the car?	text	in the back of the car	In their gas tank	1
fueling a car	4	How much gas did they buy?	text	10 gallons	$10 worth	1
fueling a car	5	What did the fuel smell like?	commonsense	It smells like rotting garbage.	Gas.	1
fueling a car	6	Were there other fuel types available?	commonsense	Yes, there were several options.	No, they only had 1 type of gas.	0
fueling a car	7	When did they put the fuel in the car?	text	As soon as they pulled in.	After they paid the cashier.	1
fueling a car	8	Did they pay the attendant?	text	Yes, he paid the attendant.	No, he stole the gas.	0
fueling a car	9	Did they take their receipt?	text	No, they declined their receipt.	Yes, they got a receipt.	0
fueling a car	10	When did they remove the gas cap?	text	As soon as they pulled in.	After they paid the cashier.	1
preparing a picnic	0	How is the weather?	text	it was a nice day	it was raining	0
preparing a picnic	1	What type of food did they pack?	text	Hamburgers and potato chips.	sandwiches, apples, and cookies	1
preparing a picnic	2	What time of day is it?	commonsense	daytime	Night time	0
preparing a picnic	3	What type of food will they eat?	text	sandwiches, apples, and cookies	Orange slices and watermelon.	0
preparing a picnic	4	Where will they eat?	text	At the park.	At the restaurant.	0
preparing a picnic	5	Will they be able to see the stars?	commonsense	Yes they will.	no, it is daytime	1
preparing a picnic	6	Are they only packing food items?	text	No they are not.	Yes they are.	0
preparing a picnic	7	where are they making the food?	commonsense	in the park	at home	1
visiting relatives	0	Why were they happy to see them?	text	To celebrate the holidays	It had been a long time	1
visiting relatives	1	Are the happy to visit the relatives?	text	no, they weren't	yes, very happy	1
visiting relatives	2	Where did they go?	text	Dallas	Chicago	1
visiting relatives	3	Were there any pets involved?	commonsense	yes, there were	no, there weren't	1
visiting relatives	4	Who went on the trip?	text	uncle and aunt	narrator and son	1
visiting relatives	5	What time of the year did they visit relatives?	text	Winter time	Summer time	0
visiting relatives	6	Who did they visit while they were with her?	text	grandparents	aunts	1
visiting relatives	7	Would they go again?	commonsense	probably yes	probably no	0
visiting relatives	8	What was the occasion for their visit?	commonsense	Visit family	Valentines day	0
visiting relatives	9	Where do the relatives live?	text	north side	Chicago	1
making a dinner reservation	0	Will this be a family dinner?	text	Yes, it is a family dinner.	no	0
making a dinner reservation	1	How will they get to the restaurant?	text	they took the bus	They drove to the restaurant.	1
making a dinner reservation	2	Who made the phone call?	text	Dad called the speaker	Their mom called the restaurant.	0
making a dinner reservation	3	Will it be a romantic date dinner?	text	Yes, it is a date.	No, it is a family dinner.	1
making a dinner reservation	4	Was the reservation made over the phone or online?	text	The reservation was made in person.	yes online	0
making a dinner reservation	5	What is the occasion for the dinner?	text	celebration	a birthday party	0
making a dinner reservation	6	Did they bring their dog?	commonsense	No, they did not bring their dog.	Yes, they brought their dog.	0
making a dinner reservation	7	Was the reservation very far in the future?	text	Yes, it was two weeks away.	no, they only had to wait 10 minutes	1
making a dinner reservation	8	How many people would the reservation be for?	text	10	The reservation was for 9 people.	1
borrowing a book from the library	0	When does the book need to be returned?	text	After it is read.	In two weeks.	1
borrowing a book from the library	1	Why did they need to get books at the library?	commonsense	They like to read lots of books.	They had a school project to do.	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	Why did they borrow a book?	text	They wanted a new book to read.	They needed it for homework.	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	What types of books do they typically read?	text	Books about horses and basketball.	Books about cats and football.	0
going to a shopping centre	0	Which kind of clothes did they buy?	text	Winter coats and hats.	sundresses, sweater, tank tops, white socks	1
going to a shopping centre	1	Why did they need to go shopping?	text	They needed new clothes for a special date	narrator needed some new work clothes and shoes	1
going to a shopping centre	2	Were they shopping for themselves?	commonsense	Yes, they only bought clothes for themselves	No, the were shopping for family members	0
going to a shopping centre	3	How did they get to the shopping centre, through car or bus?	text	They went by bus.	By car as they drove.	1
going to a shopping centre	4	Did they eat there?	text	No, they didn't.	Yes, they had snack and coffee.	1
going to a shopping centre	5	When did they leave?	commonsense	After I got a pair of running shoes, two tank tops and some new white socks	when they were done shopping	1
going to a shopping centre	6	Why did they buy the clothing?	text	They needed new work clothes and shoes	They needed new clothes for a party	0
going to a shopping centre	7	Why did they go to the shopping center?	text	They needed some new party clothes and shoes.	To buy clothes and shoes for work.	1
doing laundry	0	what did they do while waiting for the laundry to finish?	text	Cooked, cleaned, and took a nap	watch tv	0
doing laundry	1	Who had laundry to be washed?	text	The narrator	the neighbor	0
preparing a picnic	0	What utensils will they use?	text	knives and spoons	forks	1
preparing a picnic	1	When did they want to have the picnic?	text	morning	in the afternoon	1
preparing a picnic	2	How did they pack the food?	text	in the picnic basket	in a bag	0
preparing a picnic	3	Where did they eat the picnic?	text	in the park	at the gym	0
preparing a picnic	4	What was the weather like?	text	warm afternoon	cold	0
preparing a picnic	5	Did it rain during the picnic?	text	Yes	No	1
preparing a picnic	6	What type of food will they eat?	text	hotdogs	sandwiches, potato salad and chocolate cake	1
preparing a picnic	7	Did they agree on where to go for the picnic?	text	the beach	yes	1
preparing a picnic	8	Who will cook the food?	text	the friends	the speaker	1
preparing a picnic	9	What did they put the picnic stuff in?	text	in picnic basket	laundry basket	0
preparing a picnic	10	Did they stay at the picnic for a long time?	text	all week	for the afternoon	1
cleaning the shower	0	How did the shower look after they cleaned it?	text	white, shiny, and new	Dirty.	0
cleaning the shower	1	Who was the boss of the job?	commonsense	the narrator	Dad	1
cleaning the shower	2	Where were they standing when they cleaned the shower?	commonsense	In the hallway	In the bathroom.	1
cleaning the shower	3	What time did they start cleaning the shower?	commonsense	first thing in the morning	The evening	1
cleaning the shower	4	What did they clean first?	text	The shower floor	The Shower spigot	0
cleaning the shower	5	Did they enjoy cleaning the shower?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
cleaning the shower	6	What time of day did the cleaner start their job?	commonsense	First thing in the morning	Evening	1
making tea	0	What utensil did they use to stir the tea?	commonsense	A large spoon.	a knife	0
making tea	1	are they making tea for anyone else?	text	Yes, for Katie's parents.	No	1
making tea	2	How did they like the tea?	text	A lot	It was not good, soda would have been better.	0
making tea	3	do they like it hot or cold?	text	Cold	Hot with lemon.	0
making tea	4	Is the tea for them?	text	Yes	No, it is for the neighbors.	0
making tea	5	Who boiled the water?	text	narrator and their girlfriend	just the narrator	0
making tea	6	Why are they making the tea - for themselves or for a job?	text	They are making tea for themselves.	for work	0
making tea	7	Did they use a tea bag or loose tea?	text	Tea bag	loose tea	0
planning a holiday trip	0	When are they going on a trip?	text	In the winter	In the summer	1
planning a holiday trip	1	What are they going to see?	text	Italy to see the artwork	London and all it's sights	1
planning a holiday trip	2	Why did they decide to go to that location?	text	It was closer.	Better Climate in summer	1
planning a holiday trip	3	Who planned the trip?	text	The storyteller and their family	it was organized through school	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Where are they going?	text	Florence, Italy.	London and Paris	1
planning a holiday trip	5	Where would they be going?	text	Florence, Italy.	London, England.	1
planning a holiday trip	6	Will they be driving or flying?	commonsense	Driving.	Flying.	1
driving a car	0	Was the car parked in a garage?	text	no in a parking lot	yes in a garage	0
driving a car	1	How many people were in the car?	text	One person	Three people	0
driving a car	2	Who was driving?	text	the narrator	The car salesman	0
driving a car	3	Did they drive the car somewhere?	text	No, they parked the car and walked	Yes, they drove home	1
driving a car	4	Why were they going where they were going?	commonsense	They were going shopping	To buy a car.	1
driving a car	5	Were there other people there?	text	no	Yes, the driver and their parents	0
driving a car	6	Did the driver go to a store?	text	Yes	No	1
driving a car	7	Why did they drive?	text	To pick up their new car to go home	To go out to eat	0
laying flooring in a room	0	Will they be showing the finished product off afterwards?	commonsense	no	yes as they are proud of what they did	1
laying flooring in a room	2	How long will they be working today?	commonsense	half day	all day long	0
laying flooring in a room	3	were they concentrated on their work?	commonsense	no just threw it down	yes and careful	1
laying flooring in a room	4	When did they finish?	commonsense	Morning	after a few hours	1
laying flooring in a room	5	Why did they need new flooring?	text	looked old and worn	they wanted a new style	0
papering a room	0	Why is the room being papered?	text	The man and his wife did not like it	the wallpaper was old	0
papering a room	1	Is it in their house?	text	no, their friend's house	This is in a rental basement	1
papering a room	2	Was it hard work to paper the room?	commonsense	No, it only took about a day.	yes, there were many steps	1
papering a room	3	When did they start working on the room?	text	Before they moved in	after they moved in	1
papering a room	4	What kind of clothes did they wear to paper the room?	commonsense	old clothes, work clothes	They wore a brand new mini dress.	0
making a shopping list	0	Why did they write the list?	text	they did not want to forget anything	so they would have to go back for one more item	0
making a shopping list	1	How did they write the list?	text	with a marker on a piece of cardboard	grabbed a pen and piece of paper	1
making a shopping list	2	What did they need to get?	text	everything their family would need for the day	everything their family would need for the week	1
making a shopping list	3	Why did they need a list?	text	so they would forget a few things	to replace needed items	1
making a shopping list	4	How many people helped write the list?	text	no one helped	two people	0
making a shopping list	5	Who wrote the list?	text	A neighbor	narrator	1
walking a dog	0	Is the dog tired after the walk?	commonsense	No, it was a short walk.	Yes, they ran with the dog very hard.	0
walking a dog	1	What time of day did they walk the dog?	text	evening	early morning	1
walking a dog	3	What was the weather like?	text	It was cold and cloudy.	It was warm and sunny.	1
walking a dog	4	At what location did they walk the dog?	text	at the dog park	Two blocks around the neighborhood.	1
walking a dog	5	Why did they have to walk the dog?	commonsense	they needed to bark at people	The dog was barking and needed to go outside.	1
walking a dog	6	Why did they walk the dog?	commonsense	they needed to go to the bathroom	they needed to bark at people	0
walking a dog	7	Did the dog get tired?	commonsense	No, it was a short walk.	Yes, it was a long run.	0
walking a dog	8	How long did they walk the dog for?	commonsense	not long	Hours	0
walking a dog	9	Was the dog a boy or a girl?	text	boy	girl	0
sewing a button	0	Why were they replacing the button?	text	It was too small	button had fallen off garment	1
sewing a button	1	What clothes item did they sew the button on?	text	pair of shorts	a shirt	0
sewing a button	2	Did they have a special place to sew it back on?	commonsense	the place where it fell off	the bottom of the shorts	0
sewing a button	3	Where did they get the sewing items from?	text	the bedroom	from their sewing kit	1
sending party invitations	0	For when did they schedule the party in the invitation?	text	Saturday	Sunday	0
sending party invitations	1	was everyone invited?	text	yes	No, only some friends	1
sending party invitations	2	How easy was the process of sending invites?	text	easy	not easy	0
sending party invitations	3	Who sent the invitations?	text	their child	the narrator	1
sending party invitations	4	Why were invitations sent out?	text	for party	for a luncheon	0
taking the underground	0	Where are they going on the train?	text	A restaurant.	Home	0
taking the underground	1	What were they trying to achieve?	commonsense	to get to another area of the city quickly and cheaply	to get to Boston	0
taking the underground	2	Why did they take the train?	text	Is a better way to get to the restaurant	No taxis were available?	0
taking the underground	3	Was it noisy on the train?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
taking the underground	4	Were they able to sit down on the underground?	text	No seats were available.	Yes, the found seats.	1
taking the underground	5	How was the ride?	commonsense	Bad	fine	1
taking the underground	6	Were they able to get a seat on the train?	text	No	Yes, the found seats.	1
taking the underground	7	Who was taking the train?	text	The narrator and their friends.	A neighbor	0
sending party invitations	0	Who received the invitations?	commonsense	Their family	The guests	1
sending party invitations	1	Where did they drop off the invitations?	text	The mailbox.	At the post office.	0
sending party invitations	2	Who chose the guests for the party?	text	the narrator	Their parents	0
sending party invitations	3	What type of invitations were they?	text	graduation	birthday	0
taking a photograph	0	Who did they take a photograph of?	text	A family	Jim	0
taking a photograph	1	Did they work alone or did they have help?	text	They had help.	He works alone.	1
taking a photograph	2	What were they taking a picture of?	text	He was taking nature photos.	He was taking family photos.	1
taking a photograph	3	Who took the picture?	text	The family	Jim took the picture.	1
calling 911	0	Were they in danger at the time of calling?	commonsense	Yes, they were in the house.	no, they were able to get outside.	1
calling 911	1	Was this the first time they called?	commonsense	Most likely no.	Most likely yes.	1
calling 911	2	Was the caller able to explain things carefully to the dispatcher?	text	No they were panicked.	Yes they explained carefully.	1
calling 911	3	Were they scared?	commonsense	Yes	No not at all.	0
calling 911	4	Was anyone injured?	commonsense	No, no one was injured.	Yes, they fell and hit their head.	0
calling 911	5	Why did they have to call 911?	text	Their house was on fire	A house down the street was on fire.	0
calling 911	6	Who responded to the call?	text	The fire fighters.	police	0
calling 911	7	Where were they when they called 911?	commonsense	At a friend's house.	On their property.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	What cutlery was used to cut the food?	commonsense	a knife	a spoon	0
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Who was cooking in the kitchen?	text	the author	his friend	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Why did they need to heat food?	text	Because it has to be cooked to be edible	Because they had taken it out of the freezer	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Who was doing the cooking?	text	The child of the storyteller	the author	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Was the food being made for a pet?	text	Yes, it was for the dog	no, it was being made for themselves	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	What kind of food was being made?	text	macaroni and cheese with chicken	Steak and eggs	0
heating food on kitchen gas	6	What did they eat the food with?	commonsense	their hands	a fork	1
heating food on kitchen gas	7	Why did they make this?	text	For fun	they were hungry	1
taking a driving lesson	0	How many people were in the car?	text	Three.	There were just 2 people in the car.	1
taking a driving lesson	1	Was the instructor a nice person?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a driving lesson	2	Who was taking the driving lesson?	text	child	The narrator	1
taking a driving lesson	3	Where did they have their lesson?	text	In their town.	In a classroom	0
taking a driving lesson	4	How long did the lesson take?	text	Two hours.	It took one hour to complete.	1
taking a driving lesson	5	Were there other people there?	commonsense	No, it was just them and the instructor.	Yes, there were 4 people in the car.	0
taking a driving lesson	6	What did the driving instructor say?	text	The instructor said what they did well and what to improve on.	the instructor only told them what they did wrong	0
taking a driving lesson	7	Did the lesson involve any other vehicles than a car?	text	No,they just drove a car.	They drove a motorcycle as well.	0
making a dinner reservation	0	when did they make the reservation for?	text	Never made one	August 6th at 7:30	1
making a dinner reservation	1	Who was going to the dinner?	text	the author and the girlfriend	a family	0
making a dinner reservation	2	have they ever been to the restaurant?	text	yes they had	no, they have never been to this restaurant before	1
making a dinner reservation	3	Did they call for the reservation or did they go there first?	text	they called for reservations first	they went there	0
making a dinner reservation	4	why did they choose the restaurant?	text	Celebrate birthday	it was their favorite place to go	0
making a dinner reservation	5	what is the purpose for eating there?	text	to celebrate a birthday	a family dinner	0
making a dinner reservation	6	are they experienced with reservations?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
having a barbecue	0	What kind of meat did they have at the barbecue?	text	hot dogs, hamburgers, meat	lamb	0
having a barbecue	1	Who was the host of the barbecue?	text	the speaker	Employer	0
having a barbecue	2	Where was the BBQ?	text	At their sister's house.	At their house.	1
cleaning the table	0	Why are they cleaning the table?	text	just finished dinner	homework on the table	0
cleaning the table	1	How many plates did they have to clean up?	commonsense	Two	11	1
cleaning the table	2	Did the clean the table before or after dinner?	text	After dinner.	Before dinner.	0
cleaning the table	3	Why did the table need to be cleaned?	text	from the dinner	it was clean	0
cleaning the table	4	Did they clean the table before or after they ate?	text	Before they ate.	After they ate.	1
cleaning the table	5	Where was the table?	commonsense	in the kitchen	Dining room	1
cleaning the table	6	How often do they clean the table?	commonsense	Every day	Once a week	0
cleaning the table	7	Who are they cleaning the table for?	commonsense	Their family	For the neighbors	0
taking a driving lesson	0	How many people were in the car?	text	2	one only	0
taking a driving lesson	1	Why did they take the driving lesson?	text	for fun	They're working on getting their drivers license	1
taking a driving lesson	2	Why did they put on their seat belts?	commonsense	To protect themselves.	to keep from leaving the seat	0
taking a driving lesson	3	Was the person a teenager getting their permit or an adult?	text	teenager	adult	0
taking a driving lesson	4	Where is the lesson occurred?	text	in a classroom	on the road training	1
chopping vegetables	0	What kind of vegetables did they see?	text	Spinach and corn.	Lettuce, tomatoes and onion	1
chopping vegetables	1	How many types of vegetables were there?	text	Three.	6	0
chopping vegetables	2	Who chopped the veggies?	commonsense	Their spouse	The story teller	1
chopping vegetables	3	What typed of vegetables did they chop?	text	Lettuce, tomatoes, and onions	Iceberg lettuce, beets, potatoes	0
chopping vegetables	4	Who chopped the vegetables?	commonsense	A chef at the restaurant	The story teller.	1
chopping vegetables	5	When did they start chopping?	commonsense	After taking the vegetables out.	After they mixed up the salad	0
chopping vegetables	6	What meal were they for?	text	Soup	Vegetable salad	1
chopping vegetables	7	How big were the tomatoes?	commonsense	Cherry tomatoes	Medium sized	1
chopping vegetables	8	How many different kinds of vegetables are there?	text	Three	Six.	0
chopping vegetables	9	Where were they chopped?	commonsense	Kitchen	In the bathroom	0
chopping vegetables	10	What meal were the vegetables used for?	text	Tacos	Vegetable salad	1
making omelette	0	What was the omelette made in?	text	pot	frying pan	1
making omelette	1	We're there any kids there to eat the omelette?	text	no	Yes, a girl	1
making omelette	2	Why do they crack the eggs and open them when they make an omelette?	commonsense	To be able to cook them	To make it taste better	0
making omelette	3	Was there meat in the omelette?	text	yes	no	0
making omelette	4	Who ate the omelette?	text	speaker and her family	dogs	0
making omelette	5	When did they put the eggs in the pan?	text	after cooking them	before cooking them	1
making omelette	6	Where was the omelette made?	text	In a restaurant	In the kitchen	1
making omelette	7	How many eggs were used?	text	It didn't say	12	1
making omelette	8	Where did they sit to eat?	commonsense	Table	on a couch	0
setting the dining table	0	When did they set the table?	text	After cooking the food	Before all the food was cooked.	0
setting the dining table	1	Why did they set the table?	text	It was Thanksgiving	Because they were serving dinner for guests.	1
setting the dining table	2	How many plates were in a setting?	text	One	Two	0
setting the dining table	3	How many cups were in a setting?	text	none	2	0
setting the dining table	4	Was there a table cloth?	text	no	yes	1
setting the dining table	5	Why are they setting the table?	text	Their friends are coming over	Their families are coming over	0
making soup	0	Did they use carrots?	text	No.	yes	1
making soup	1	How long did it take to prepare the soup?	commonsense	maybe 45 min total with prep and cooking	3 hours	0
making soup	2	How did they heat the soup?	text	Stove top.	in the microwave	0
making soup	3	Why was the soup served in a bowl?	commonsense	Wasn't	usually how its served	1
making soup	4	How did the soup taste?	text	Awful	It was delicious.	1
making soup	5	Why did the soup boil?	commonsense	to much water in the pot	To cook chicken properly	1
making soup	6	Who was cooking?	text	dad	The son or daughter.	1
going dancing	0	How did they feel about the dancing?	text	They dreamed of appearing on Dancing With The Stars after the lesson	They thought it would be fun and funny	1
going dancing	1	Did they wear something special for the dance?	text	They wore clothes that were too tight	They wore clothes that were easy to move in	1
going dancing	2	Why did they go dancing?	text	for exercise	For an activity during their reunion	1
going dancing	3	How long did the dancing last?	text	The lessons lasted an hour.	15 minutes	0
going dancing	4	How did they choose their dress?	text	To be pretty.	they were told what to wear	1
going dancing	5	What did they do after they went dancing?	text	They went out to eat	They went to a salsa club to try out their new moves	1
going dancing	6	What kind of music was playing ?	text	Disco	Salsa dance music	1
baking a cake	0	Were they satisfied with the cake when they finished baking it?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	1	Why did they bake the cake?	text	For their aunt's get together	They had a craving	0
baking a cake	2	Did they make the cake as a work assignment?	text	no	yes	0
baking a cake	3	Who bought the ingredients?	commonsense	The storyteller	Their aunt	0
baking a cake	4	Who baked the cake?	text	Their aunt	The storyteller (niece)	1
baking a cake	5	Who did they make the cake for?	text	their family	coworkers	0
baking a cake	6	When is the cake going to be eaten?	text	after Christmas dinner	New Year's Eve	0
baking a cake	7	How did they cake taste?	text	Very good	Terrible	0
baking a cake	8	Where did they bake the cake?	commonsense	at a bakery	at home	1
ordering a pizza	0	What size pizza did they order?	text	They ordered large pizzas.	extra small	0
ordering a pizza	1	How long did they wait?	text	a few minutes	one hour	0
ordering a pizza	2	How many pizzas did they eat?	text	The family ordered two pizzas.	The family ordered four pizzas.	0
ordering a pizza	3	Did they order pepperoni on the pizza?	text	No, they ordered sausage.	Yes, they did.	1
ordering a pizza	4	How much did the pizza cost?	text	The pizzas cost thirty dollars.	$10	1
ordering a pizza	5	What toppings did they order?	text	They ordered pepperoni pizzas.	5	0
ordering a pizza	6	How did they place the order?	text	The narrator went to the store to order the pizzas.	on the phone	0
baking a cake	0	How did they know what flavor to bake?	text	Because it is their girlfriend's favorite	their favorite flavor	0
baking a cake	1	Who is the cake for?	text	The narrator's girlfriend	the boyfriend	0
baking a cake	2	Did anyone else help with baking the cake?	text	no	yes	0
baking a cake	3	Did the cake turn out well?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	4	How long did it take to prepare the cake?	commonsense	a couple hours	two days	0
baking a cake	5	Which bake temperature was used?	commonsense	350	500	0
baking a cake	6	Was the cake mix store bought?	text	no	yes	1
baking a cake	7	Who baked the cake?	text	The narrator's girlfriend	author	1
baking a cake	8	Was the cake for a special occasion?	text	yes, birthday	no	0
baking a cake	9	Did they bake the cake successfully?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	10	Why did they bake the cake?	text	girlfriend's birthday	for Christmas	0
baking a cake	11	Where do they start the process?	text	bought strawberries	mixed the batter	0
taking a shower	0	How long did the shower take?	commonsense	about 20 min	30 minutes	0
taking a shower	1	Did they wash their body with soap or a body wash?	text	body wash	bar soap	1
taking a shower	2	How did they turn on the water?	commonsense	with their phone	Turning the knob	1
taking a shower	3	How did they wash their hair?	text	With body wash	They massaged it in.	1
taking a shower	4	Where did they stand in the shower?	commonsense	Next to the shower head	off to the side	0
taking a shower	5	Where were they going after the shower?	text	Out dancing	to bed	1
taking a shower	6	What did they use to wash their body?	text	Lavender soap.	Body wash	0
taking a shower	7	Was it a normal daily shower?	commonsense	Yes	No, they were getting ready for a party.	0
taking a shower	8	Were they in their own home or someplace else?	commonsense	grandmas home	Their own home.	1
taking a shower	9	What time did they take their shower?	text	Nighttime	Morning time	0
taking a shower	10	How long did they wash their hair?	commonsense	total wash, condition and rise likely about 10 min	hours	0
ordering a pizza	0	How long did they wait?	text	20 minutes	30 minutes	0
ordering a pizza	1	What toppings did they order?	text	cheese, beef, chicken, jalapenos and green peppers	pepperoni and sausage	0
ordering a pizza	2	Did they have the pizza delivered?	text	No	Yes	0
ordering a pizza	3	How much did the pizza cost?	text	$7.99	$5.99	1
ordering a pizza	4	What did they order?	text	burgers and fries	6 large pizzas	1
ordering a pizza	5	How much did it cost?	text	$38.25	$55	0
playing a movie	0	Where were they playing the movie?	text	At their house.	at the office	0
playing a movie	1	How many movies were watched?	text	She watched 4 movies in a row.	She watched one movie.	1
playing a movie	2	Did they have snacks while they watched the movie?	commonsense	no	yes	0
playing a movie	3	How did they know about the movie?	text	They talked about it at the office.	the commercials for it	0
playing a movie	4	Did they play the move for others to watch?	commonsense	no	yes	0
playing a movie	5	How many people watched the movie?	text	Just her	She had a bunch of friends over.	0
playing a movie	6	when did they play the movie?	text	once they got home	They watched it the next day.	0
playing a movie	7	How did they play the movie?	text	in the laptop	They put it in their DVD player.	1
playing a movie	8	Where did they play the movie?	text	at the movie theater	She played it at her house.	1
visiting relatives	0	How long did they stay?	text	a few months	A few days or week	1
visiting relatives	1	How did the visit go?	text	They had a great time.	It was always traumatic.	1
visiting relatives	2	How long did it take to get there?	text	a week	Usually two days	1
making a shopping list	0	When did they add the first item?	text	last week	When they discovered they were out of spaghetti.	1
making a shopping list	1	How many of the items were luxuries?	commonsense	Half of them.	none	1
making a shopping list	2	Who wrote the list?	text	The main person.	the child	0
making a shopping list	3	Who was writing the list?	text	their mom	The main person.	1
making a shopping list	4	Why are they going?	text	To buy groceries.	Because they're bored.	0
making a shopping list	5	Why did they write the list?	text	Because they are required to have a shopping list at the store	To help them remember.	1
making a shopping list	6	Who made the list?	text	The narrator's sister	The main person.	1
making scrambled eggs	0	How long did it take them to cook the scrambled eggs?	commonsense	FEW MINUTES	ONE HOUR	0
making scrambled eggs	2	Where did they get the eggs from?	commonsense	cabinet	fridge	1
making scrambled eggs	3	When do they put the eggs in the pan?	text	before heating the pan.	the pan gets hot	1
making scrambled eggs	4	Was anyone else cooking?	text	yes	no	1
making scrambled eggs	5	When do they move the eggs around in the pan?	commonsense	as they cooked	never	0
making scrambled eggs	6	What color were the egg shells?	commonsense	Brown.	white	1
making scrambled eggs	7	what time did they cook?	commonsense	breakfast time	They cooked at about noon.	0
making scrambled eggs	8	Did they add any special flavorings to the scrambled eggs?	text	No special flavoring was added	yes	0
making scrambled eggs	9	Who ate the eggs?	text	Everybody but one person	The entire family	0
preparing a picnic	0	Did they pack a blanket for the picnic?	text	yes they did	no they did not	0
preparing a picnic	1	Where will they keep the food?	text	Plastic boxes and bags	In a cooler	0
making a camping trip	0	Did they pick a good campground?	commonsense	No they didn't.	Yes,they did.	1
making a camping trip	1	Where were they going to set up camp at?	text	At a campsite in Catskill mountains	At a campsite at the coast	0
making a camping trip	2	Where will they sleep?	text	In a tent.	In a hotel	0
making a camping trip	3	How many people are camping?	text	Four.	Two.	1
making a camping trip	4	how many people are in the group?	text	Four.	Two.	1
making a camping trip	5	Who went on the trip?	text	Their girlfriend and her sister.	Their sister and husband	1
visiting the beach	0	have they been to the beach before?	text	no	yes	1
visiting the beach	1	Were they wearing sunscreen?	commonsense	Yes they were	no	0
visiting the beach	2	Who went to the beach?	text	their mom	the author	1
visiting the beach	3	Who went swimming?	text	my friends	the author	1
visiting the beach	4	is the beach safe?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
visiting the beach	5	When did they go swimming?	text	after they laid their stuff down	At school	0
visiting the beach	6	Why did they bring beach towels?	commonsense	To eat on	to dry with and lay upon	1
taking the underground	0	Where did they go?	text	They went uptown.	They traveled downtown.	1
taking the underground	1	Whom were they with?	text	Their friend	Their brother.	0
taking the underground	2	How long was their ride?	text	About 40 minutes	It took them 2 hours.	0
taking the underground	3	Which direction did the train travel?	commonsense	Toward the suburbs	Towards downtown	1
taking the underground	4	Where did they travel to?	text	The suburbs	They traveled downtown.	1
taking the underground	5	Did they sit or stand while traveling?	text	They stood up.	Sit	1
taking a taxi	0	Why did they ride on a taxi?	text	he had a wreck	Because they couldn't drive their car.	1
taking a taxi	1	How long did it take to get a taxi?	commonsense	two hours	not long	1
taking a taxi	2	Who called for the taxi?	text	the main character	The supermarket manager.	0
taking a taxi	3	Who drove the taxi?	text	taxi driver	the friend	0
taking a taxi	4	Why did they take the taxi?	text	the car had a flat tire	it was on the list	0
taking a taxi	5	Where were they headed in the taxi anyway ?	text	They were going on vacation.	They were going to a job interview.	1
taking a taxi	6	Whey did they pay for the taxi ride?	text	no reason	they used its services	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	Who cleaned the bathroom?	text	three people cleaned	the narrator	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	Did they sweep and mop the bathroom?	text	No, they only mopped	No, they did not clean the floor.	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	What was used to clean the tub?	text	A rag	long handled sponge	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	How did they clean the sink?	text	By making the water swirl	With a toilet brush	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	How many people did it take to clean the bathroom?	text	only one	two	0
cleaning the bathroom	5	Was the bathroom much cleaner after it was cleaned?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	How much medicine did they give them?	text	5 pills	2 pills	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	Who was taking the medicine?	text	The daughter	the parent	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	What type of medicine was it?	text	A liquid cough syrup	One they use to reduce fevers.	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	Who has to give them the medicine?	text	the daughter gave the parent the medicine	the author	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	Where was the medicine given?	text	daughter's room	At the doctor's office	0
giving a medicine to someone	5	What was their relationship with the person they were giving medicine to?	text	sister	The parent gave medicine to their daughter	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	Where do they get the medicine?	text	From the kitchen.	the bathroom	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Why do they have to take the medicine?	text	they have a fever	they had a tummy ache	0
giving a medicine to someone	8	Did this happen at night?	text	Yes, Night	No, this happened in the morning.	1
fueling a car	0	Did they pay the attendant?	text	Yes they did.	No,they paid at the pump.	1
fueling a car	1	Where did they put fuel in the car?	commonsense	At the nearest gas station.	Gas tank.	1
fueling a car	2	When did they pay for the fuel?	text	After selecting the grade of fuel.	right there at the pump, so even before fueling up he had to insert the credit card to pay	1
fueling a car	3	Why did they put fuel in the car?	text	Because the gas tank was empty	The car wouldn't start.	0
driving a car	0	What time did they leave in the car?	commonsense	In the morning.	at night	0
driving a car	1	Why did they drive?	commonsense	Convenient	To get to a restaurant	0
driving a car	2	Were they going to school?	text	Yes,to school.	No	1
driving a car	3	Where did they drive to?	text	To the park	Work office,	1
driving a car	4	When were they driving?	text	At night	This morning	1
driving a car	5	Were they going somewhere in the car?	text	Going out for lunch	Yes,to work.	1
driving a car	6	How long did it take to start the car?	commonsense	Few minutes	hours	0
mowing the lawn	0	What did they use to mow the lawn?	text	rake	Lawnmower	1
mowing the lawn	1	Who mowed the grass?	text	the narrator	The kid next door	0
mowing the lawn	2	Did they get it all finished?	text	No, the stopped halfway through	yes	1
mowing the lawn	3	Who helped them mow?	commonsense	No one.	His neighbor	0
mowing the lawn	4	How much did they get paid to cut it?	commonsense	$20	Nothing, they mowed their own lawn	1
mowing the lawn	5	Is the grass short now?	commonsense	No, it was still long	Yes, it was freshly mowed	1
mowing the lawn	6	When will the grass need to be mowed again?	commonsense	before it gets too tall	Never, it was a magical mower.	0
mowing the lawn	7	Where was the lawn located?	commonsense	At home	Down the street.	0
mowing the lawn	8	Was the grass very high?	text	Yes, it was tall	no	0
mowing the lawn	9	Was it hard for them to mow the lawn?	commonsense	Yes, they were not able to finish	No, they did not have too much trouble	1
mowing the lawn	10	Does the grass have to be mowed?	text	No	Yes, it was tall and needed to be mowed	1
working in the garden	0	Whose garden was it?	text	theirs	the neighbor's	0
working in the garden	1	Was it a vegetable or flower garden?	text	both now	flowers only	0
working in the garden	2	Where was the garden located?	text	In the front yard.	house backyard	1
working in the garden	3	Whose garden did they work in?	text	Their grandma's	Their own	1
working in the garden	4	When did they start working?	text	Before they went and got supplies.	morning	1
working in the garden	5	Who was working in the garden?	text	The story teller and their friend.	The story teller and their mom.	0
working in the garden	6	What did they use to plant the garden?	text	A small shovel, a watering can, and some seeds.	backhoe	0
answering the doorbell	0	Why did they ring the doorbell?	text	They are a new neighbor and wanted to introduce themselves	They were selling something	0
answering the doorbell	1	Why are they visiting?	text	They haven't seen each other in a long time.	For an introduction	1
answering the doorbell	2	Where did this happen at?	text	At their house.	Their business	0
answering the doorbell	3	Why were they ringing the bell?	text	They wanted to introduce themselves to the neighbors.	To sell something.	0
answering the doorbell	4	Are they here to visit someone?	text	No, they were not.	Yes, they were there to visit with the house owners.	0
answering the doorbell	5	What did they do after answering the door?	text	They welcomed them to the neighborhood.	Went back to reading.	0
answering the doorbell	6	Did they recognize who rang the doorbell?	text	No they did not.	Yes they did.	0
answering the doorbell	7	Who answered the door?	text	Housekeeper	The narrator	1
answering the doorbell	8	Who was at the front door?	text	Fred	Nadia the new neighbor.	1
answering the doorbell	9	Were they delivering something?	text	Yes they were delivering.	No they were not delivering.	1
chopping vegetables	0	How fresh were the vegetables?	commonsense	Old vegetables	Very fresh.	1
chopping vegetables	1	What were they doing with the food?	text	Chopping the food into small pieces	make cookies	0
chopping vegetables	2	What did they chop first?	text	Onions	Carrot	1
chopping vegetables	3	What colors were they?	commonsense	Black, Red and Blue	Orange, Green and White	1
chopping vegetables	4	Where were the vegetables before chopping?	text	In the cabinet	In the refrigerator.	1
chopping vegetables	5	What were they going to make with the vegetables?	text	make cookies	Vegetable stew.	1
chopping vegetables	6	Where did they put the vegetables after they chopped them?	text	soup pan	In the fridge.	0
chopping vegetables	7	Where were they when they chopped the vegetables?	commonsense	Bathroom	In the kitchen.	1
chopping vegetables	8	How many types of vegetables were there?	text	Five	Three.	1
giving a medicine to someone	0	When did they drink it?	text	She drank a cup of water with crushed pill in the morning	At night	0
giving a medicine to someone	1	Who is taking the medicine?	text	The 3-year old child.	Their 5 year old son.	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	When was the medicine given?	text	Only once a day in the afternoon	In the morning and again at night	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	Who gave the medicine?	text	The mother	the daughter	0
sending party invitations	0	Who was invited?	text	Nobody	Close friends and relatives	1
sending party invitations	1	Who sent the invitations?	text	Husband	Spouse/author	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	How did the bathroom get dirty?	commonsense	is not dirty	People used it.	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	Did they scrub when they cleaned?	text	yes	They did not scrub anything.	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	Why did they clean the bathroom?	commonsense	it was clean	Because it was dirty.	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	Did they use more than one type of cleaner?	text	No, they only used bleach.	Yes they did.	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	Where is the bathroom?	commonsense	Workplace	a home	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	How many cleaning products did they use?	text	They used five cleaning products.	sixteen	0
cleaning the bathroom	6	Was it a public bathroom?	commonsense	yes	No, there is a shower.	1
cleaning the bathroom	7	Did they sweep and mop the bathroom?	text	No, they didn't have a broom.	yes	1
cleaning the bathroom	8	What did they use to clean with?	text	separate cloths and a mop	A vacuum cleaner.	0
cleaning the bathroom	9	How often should they clean the bathroom?	commonsense	every week	Only if it is really dirty	0
cleaning the bathroom	10	What type of building was the bathroom located in?	commonsense	Commercial	A person's house.	1
taking a taxi	0	Where were they going?	text	home	to the mall	0
taking a taxi	1	Were there a lot of people around?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
taking a taxi	2	When did they call for a taxi?	text	4 am	before they left the nightclub	0
taking a taxi	3	When did they arrive at their destination?	text	one hour later	Fifteen minutes after they left the club	1
taking a taxi	4	How long was the ride?	text	one hour	about 15 minutes	1
taking a taxi	5	Where did they get on the taxi?	text	Outside of the club	down the street from the nightclub	0
taking a taxi	6	Why couldn't they walk?	text	They had broken a leg	It was too far	1
taking a taxi	7	Why did they need a taxi?	text	They were lost	They needed to go home	1
feeding a cat	0	how long did they wait to feed the cat?	commonsense	not long, cat was wrapped in a blanket right away and fed directly after	two days to make sure it was really hungry	0
feeding a cat	1	When did they feed the cat?	text	Before it came in	right after wrapping the cat in a blanket	1
feeding a cat	2	Do other cats live with the cat that was fed?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
taking a photograph	0	What camera did they use?	text	A Nikon	They used an iPhone.	1
taking a photograph	1	How were the pictures developed?	text	Digitally.	they took it to be developed	0
taking a photograph	2	What type of film did they use?	text	They didn't use film.	Kodak	0
taking a photograph	3	What camera or phone did they use to take the picture?	text	Android	They used an iPhone.	1
taking a photograph	4	Was the person taking the photo a professional?	commonsense	Yes, they are using a professional camera.	No, they are an amateur.	1
taking a photograph	5	Why did they want to take the picture?	text	To capture the beauty.	It was for a homework assignment.	0
taking a photograph	6	What were they photographing?	text	The flowers in a botanical garden	They took pictures of their grandchildren.	1
taking a photograph	7	What time of they day did they take the photo?	commonsense	daytime	night time	0
taking a photograph	8	Who took the picture?	text	The grandparent	Their dad.	0
making a hot dog	0	How long did it take to boil the hot dog?	commonsense	a couple minutes	1 hour	0
making a hot dog	1	How did they decide on a hot dog?	text	it was all they had left to eat	That's what they saw in the refrigerator	1
making a hot dog	2	When did they get the buns out?	text	after the hot dogs had been boiled	The Author got the buns out before cooking the hot dogs.	0
making a hot dog	3	How did they cook the hot dog?	text	They grilled them outside.	boiled it in water	1
making a hot dog	4	Is the hot dog for themselves?	text	Yes, and for their mother.	No, it's for someone else.	0
making a hot dog	5	Who made the hot dog?	text	the author	their mom	0
making a hot dog	6	Where are they cooking?	text	In their kitchen.	in another room	0
making a hot dog	7	What are they putting on the hot dog?	text	ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise, onions, relish and sauerkraut	onions, relish, pickles	0
making a hot dog	8	How was the hot dog removed from the boiling water?	text	using a fork	They used a fork to get them out.	0
making a hot dog	9	Were they in the kitchen when they prepared it?	text	Yes, they cooked them in the kitchen.	No, they made them outside on the grill.	0
making a hot dog	10	Did they have to wait long for the hot dog to cook?	commonsense	No, it only took about five minutes.	Yes, it took over an hour.	0
papering a room	0	What pattern was the paper?	text	The pattern was outer space	The pattern was spacemen	1
papering a room	1	Was the room they papered a big one?	commonsense	Yes, it was a large room	No. They seemed to complete it in one day	1
papering a room	2	Did they enjoy papering the room?	commonsense	yes	no	0
papering a room	3	Why is the room being papered?	text	To look better.	It was required.	0
papering a room	4	Where did they buy the paper and supplies?	commonsense	Decorators store.	online	0
papering a room	5	Did they get the job done in one day?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
papering a room	6	Why did they paper the room?	text	The previous wallpaper was peeling.	They wanted change.	1
papering a room	7	Which room is being papered?	text	The person's bedroom.	their living room	0
papering a room	8	Whose house was the room in?	text	Theirs.	Friends.	0
making soup	0	Who asked for the soup?	text	the speaker	The children.	0
making soup	1	Who made the soup?	text	the narrator.	The mother.	0
making soup	2	What kind of soup was it?	text	Beef, carrots, and potatoes soup.	Chicken and onion soup.	0
making soup	3	Did they use carrots?	text	No	Yes	1
making soup	4	When did they make the soup?	text	In the morning for breakfast.	In the evening for dinner	1
making soup	5	Was the soup from a can?	text	yes	No.	1
making soup	6	Did the soup take a long time to make?	text	No.	It took one to two hours.	1
making soup	7	What ingredients were used?	text	it didn't say	Water, carrots, potatoes, and beef.	1
making soup	8	Why were they making soup?	text	for breakfast	They were hungry	1
making soup	9	How did the soup taste?	commonsense	Nasty	Delicious	1
playing a movie	0	Did they like the movie?	commonsense	No, they returned to the menu and chose a different movie.	Yes, the laughed until the final credits.	1
playing a movie	1	When was the movie played?	text	Saturday night	it didn't say.	0
playing a movie	2	How did they play the movie?	text	on the TV through Netflix	DVD player	0
playing a movie	3	When did they play the movie?	text	Saturday night	it didn't say.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	How difficult was it to change the batteries?	commonsense	No difficulty.	It was hard.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	How did they put the new batteries in?	text	They put them in backwards	Hands	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	Where did they get the new batteries?	text	At the store.	At the library.	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	Who did the alarm clock belong to?	text	The author	The writer's mom	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	why did the clock need new batteries?	text	There were no batteries in the clock.	The old batteries were dead.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Who drove the car?	commonsense	Alex	mom	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Did it taste good?	commonsense	no the food did not taste good	probably	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Does that person like eating at that fast food restaurant?	commonsense	Yes	no	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	Did they go alone or with someone?	text	with grandma	They went with their child	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	Why did that person eat at that fast food restaurant?	text	her child ask for it	the food is good	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Was their order prepared quickly?	commonsense	probably	no it is a sit down restaurant	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	6	Were there plenty of parking spaces available?	commonsense	the restaurant wasn't busy so there must have been plenty of parking	no because McDonald's was packed	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	7	How did they eat the food?	text	Alex ate his with his hands and the salad was eaten with a fork	with a spoon	0
boiling milk	0	Were they cooking a recipe?	text	No.	Yes	1
boiling milk	1	Why do they boil milk?	text	To drink it while it's hot	Boiled milk is part of a recipe	1
boiling milk	2	At what time did the milk begin to boil?	text	an hour	After a few minutes	1
boiling milk	3	Where did they boil the milk?	commonsense	Outside	The kitchen.	1
boiling milk	4	How much milk will they need?	text	1 gallon	One cup	1
boiling milk	5	How long did it boil for?	text	Few minutes	20 minutes	0
boiling milk	6	Where did they get the milk from?	commonsense	Can	Refrigerator	1
boiling milk	7	What did they do with the milk after it was boiled?	text	Remove it from the burner	Turn the stove off and let it remain on the burner	0
boiling milk	8	Why did they boil the milk?	text	Recipe requirement	To test the stove	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	What did they eat?	text	hamburger and fries	chicken sandwich	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Why did they pick fast food?	text	they were in a hurry	their child wanted it	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Did they go through the drive through?	text	no, they ordered inside	Yes, they did.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	What were they doing at the restaurant?	commonsense	Eating in.	They forgot lunch and were ordering a burger.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	What did they order?	text	A hamburger and fries.	An order of chicken fingers.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Why did they pick that restaurant?	commonsense	They wanted pizza.	Wanted something quickly.	1
making a bed	0	What time was it when they made the bed?	text	6am	10 am	0
making a bed	1	How big was the bed (was it a twin, queen or king)?	text	Queen	King	0
making a bed	2	Did they argue about making the bed?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making a bed	3	What time did they wake up?	text	8am	About 6am	1
making a bed	4	Why make the bed if they're just going to get into it again in a few hours?	commonsense	Don't make it	to be tidy	1
making a bed	5	Was there a comforter put onto the bed?	text	No	Yes	1
making a bed	6	Was it a bunk bed?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
making a bed	7	How many pillows does the bed have?	text	four	two	0
making a bed	8	Did they tuck in the corners?	text	Yes	No	0
making a bed	9	How long did it take to make the bed?	commonsense	Hours	A few minutes	1
making a bed	10	How did they tuck in the sheets?	text	by tucking them into the corners	by pushing them under the mattress	0
making a hot dog	0	Did they other person enjoy eating the hot dog?	text	no, they didn't like them	Yes, all his friends enjoyed them	1
making a hot dog	1	Why did they make a hot dog?	text	To eat	they don't like hot dogs	0
making a hot dog	2	Did they finish the hot dog?	commonsense	Yes, everybody ate their hotdogs	no	0
making a hot dog	3	Where are they making the hot dog?	text	In the park	in their backyard	1
making a hot dog	4	What condiments were available to put on the hot dog?	text	just ketchup and mustard	ketchup, mustard, relish, onions, and mayonnaise	1
making a hot dog	5	Who made the hot dog?	text	narrator	The cook at the food truck.	0
making a hot dog	6	Did they share with anyone else?	text	yes, they shared with their friends	no, they ate them by themselves	0
making a hot dog	7	Was the hot dog burnt?	commonsense	No, everyone enjoyed them	Yes, they were black	0
making a hot dog	8	Are they cooking in the kitchen?	commonsense	yes	No, outside on the grill	1
making a hot dog	9	Who is eating the hot dogs?	text	their family	The person telling the story and their friends.	1
making a hot dog	10	Who did they make the hot dog for?	text	Themselves and their friends.	Family members	0
making a hot dog	11	Why did they cook more then one hot dog?	text	because they were very hungry	Because they were having friends over.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Were there lots of guests?	commonsense	No, only a few.	Yes, the church filled up fast.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Why were they invited?	commonsense	The groom is her cousin.	They were a friend of the bride	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Who was at the wedding?	commonsense	Adam Sandler was hired as the wedding singer.	Family and friends	1
visiting relatives	0	Why did they leave early to get there?	text	to spend more visiting	they didn't leave early	0
visiting relatives	1	Are the happy to visit the relatives?	text	No.	yes	1
visiting relatives	2	How long will it take to arrive?	text	A day.	4/ 5 Hours	1
going dancing	0	Where did they go dancing?	text	At the restaurant where the band was playing.	A disco	0
going dancing	1	When did they go dancing?	text	after eating	In the afternoon	0
going dancing	2	What type of music was playing?	text	It was a mix of music including rock, country music, and pop.	jazz music	0
packing a suitcase	0	Where were they traveling to?	text	her aunt's	to see grandma	1
packing a suitcase	1	Who packed the suitcase?	text	Cindy	Cindy's mother.	0
packing a suitcase	2	Where did they pack the suitcase?	commonsense	Their bedroom.	the car	0
packing a suitcase	3	Why were they packing?	text	to go away for the summer	to go to summer camp	0
packing a suitcase	4	Is anyone else helping them pack?	text	No	Yes, her mother helped pack	0
packing a suitcase	5	Where was the suitcase packed?	commonsense	Downstairs at Cindy's house	at home	1
packing a suitcase	6	Is the suitcase being packed for vacation or work?	text	vacation	work	0
packing a suitcase	7	Where are they taking the suitcase?	text	to grandma's	to her aunt's	0
making toasted bread	0	Did they share the toast with someone else?	text	yes, with mother	no	1
making toasted bread	1	Can they use just their hands to eat toast?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making toasted bread	2	How long did the toaster take?	text	FEW MINUTES	ONE HOUR	0
making toasted bread	3	Did they use a toaster?	text	yes	no	0
making toasted bread	4	Where are they toasting the bread?	text	KITCHEN	in the oven	0
making toasted bread	5	Why did they start to toast the bread?	text	that's the way they like it	It was supper	0
making toasted bread	6	do they have someone toasting the bread for them?	text	No	Yes	0
making toasted bread	7	Who is toasting the bread?	text	The narrator	their partner is	0
making toasted bread	8	Was this a part of breakfast?	text	no	yes	1
making toasted bread	9	Was it for breakfast?	text	yes	no	0
making toasted bread	10	How long did toasting take?	text	2 minutes	8 minutes	0
cooking pasta	0	Who cooked the pasta?	text	the mom	The narrator	1
cooking pasta	1	Did they add any spices to the pasta?	text	No	Yes, they added pepper	1
cooking pasta	2	Did they salt the water?	text	Yes	No	0
cooking pasta	3	Where did they eat the pasta?	commonsense	At home	in the kitchen	0
cooking pasta	4	When did they decide to make pasta for dinner?	text	Dinner	Last night	1
cooking pasta	5	Why did they turn off the stove?	commonsense	Because she finished cooking	So can cook in a microwave	0
cooking pasta	6	How did they drain the pasta?	text	Using a pot	They used a colander	1
folding clothes	0	did anyone else help fold the clothes?	text	yes	no	1
folding clothes	1	Why did they decide to fold clothes?	commonsense	they did not fold any	to make things neat again	1
folding clothes	2	Were they folding clothes in a laundromat or at home?	text	at a laundromat	home	1
folding clothes	3	When did they start folding the clothes?	text	straight out of the wash	The day after the laundry was done	1
folding clothes	4	Did anyone help them with folding the clothes?	text	yes, their mom did	no	1
folding clothes	5	Did they dump out the clothes onto a surface or just take them out of the clothes basket?	text	onto the bed	kept in basket	0
folding clothes	6	what did they do with the socks?	text	put any socks together	matched them	1
folding clothes	7	Did folding the clothes make them tired?	commonsense	yes, it took hours	no, it did not take that long	1
visiting a doctor	0	How did they get to the doctor?	text	with their car.	bus	0
visiting a doctor	1	Why did they have to wait?	commonsense	The doctor was lazy	there were others being seen.	1
visiting a doctor	2	Was there an office?	text	yes	no	0
visiting a doctor	3	Was there medicine?	text	yes	no	0
visiting a doctor	4	Did the doctor say what their illness was?	commonsense	No the doctor just prescribed medicine	Yes the doctor explained what was wrong	1
visiting a doctor	5	Who had an appointment?	text	the narrator.	no one	0
cleaning up a flat	0	How many people were cleaning?	text	Just one person.	my roomate	0
cleaning up a flat	1	Did they use a vacuum cleaner?	text	No they used a swiffer	Yes, they vacuumed a few rooms.	1
cleaning up a flat	2	Did they clean the windows also?	text	Yes with ammonia	No, they didn't need cleaning.	0
cleaning up a flat	3	What was used to clean the table?	text	Cleaning solution	Ammonia	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Did the person who unloaded the dishwasher get a backache doing the unloading?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	Was the dishwasher in a restaurant?	commonsense	No it was not.	Yes it was.	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	When did they unload the dishwasher?	text	When the dishes were done.	The next day	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	How long did it take them to unload the dishwasher?	commonsense	Long period of time.	A few minutes	1
unloading the dishwasher	4	Was this in a house or restaurant?	commonsense	In a house.	In a restaurant.	0
changing a baby diaper	0	When did the baby need a diaper change?	text	when she cried	when the baby told them to change her	0
changing a baby diaper	2	Where did the dirty diaper get put?	text	In the toilet.	in the trash can by the bathroom	1
changing a baby diaper	3	Was the baby wearing pants over the diaper?	text	No.	yes	0
changing a baby diaper	5	When did they change the diaper?	text	they did not have to change the diaper.	after the baby cried	1
changing a baby diaper	6	What did they use to clean the baby up?	text	soap and water	Baby wipes	1
changing a baby diaper	7	Where did they change the diaper?	text	in the hospital nursery	at the hospital	1
changing a baby diaper	8	Where was the diaper changed?	text	At the hospital	the park	0
making fresh orange juice	0	Where did the oranges come from?	text	an orange tree  in their front yard	The store.	0
making fresh orange juice	1	Were they making orange juice for someone other than themselves?	text	no	yes their son	1
making fresh orange juice	2	Were they making the juice to mix with something else?	text	no	yes	0
making fresh orange juice	3	How long did it take to make?	commonsense	all day	A few minutes	1
making fresh orange juice	4	Where did they store the juice after it was made?	text	in a bucket	in the container	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Why did they make the orange juice?	text	they wanted to use the fruit from their  tree	they were going to sell it	0
having a barbecue	0	How did the hot dogs taste?	commonsense	Yucky.	Good	1
having a barbecue	1	Where was the barbecue held?	text	At the park.	At the storyteller's house.	1
having a barbecue	2	Who came to the barbecue?	text	Friends.	family	0
having a barbecue	3	Who was invited to the BBQ?	text	Their family.	Their friends.	1
having a barbecue	4	Why did they decide to have the barbecue?	text	For July 4th.	For a birthday.	0
having a barbecue	5	What kind of meat did they have at the barbecue?	text	Hot dogs.	steak	0
having a barbecue	6	Was all of the food at the BBQ fresh?	commonsense	yes	no	0
sending party invitations	0	Who wrote all the invitations?	text	Narrator	Her friends	0
sending party invitations	1	How long did it take to send the invitations?	text	not long at all, just dropped them in the mailbox	a while as there was a long line at the post office	1
sending party invitations	2	Were the invitations sent out through traditional mail?	text	Yes they were.	No they were not.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	How was the service?	commonsense	good service	Bad service	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	Did they like the new food they got in exchange?	commonsense	No, it was still not right	Yes	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	What did they order firts?	text	drink	Appetizer	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	What meal were they eating?	text	Dinner	lunch	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	What food did they order?	text	no food	Turkey club hoagie with no bacon	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	what did they order to drink?	text	Coke and Bud Light	water	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	What meal are they eating (breakfast, lunch or dinner)?	text	Lunch	Dinner	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	7	Was the waiter friendly?	commonsense	Yes, she handled the mistake well	No, she took no responsibility	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	8	Did they still have to pay for the meal?	text	everything but the sandwich	no	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	9	Did they leave happy?	commonsense	No, their meal was wrong the second time	Yes, the mistake was corrected, meal was comped, and got gift card	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	10	When did they notice something was wrong?	text	when the food arrived	After they had a bite of it	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	11	Was it cooked enough?	commonsense	No, it was burnt	Yes, they did not send it back for being undercooked	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	12	What was wrong with the person's food who sent it back?	text	bacon added	it was soggy	0
chopping vegetables	0	Where were they doing it?	commonsense	kitchen counter	Dining table	0
chopping vegetables	1	Are the vegetables washed off before they are chopped?	text	No, they were pre-washed	yes	1
chopping vegetables	2	What did they do after they chopped the vegetables?	text	Put them into their salad spinner	washed them	0
chopping vegetables	3	How did the raw food taste?	commonsense	bad	good	1
chopping vegetables	4	How did they chop vegetables?	text	Using a sharp knife and cutting board.	with a spoon	0
chopping vegetables	5	How many types of vegetables were there?	text	6	three	1
chopping vegetables	6	Did they use carrots?	text	no	yes	0
chopping vegetables	7	Why were they chopping the vegetables?	text	so it would look good	To make a salad	1
chopping vegetables	8	Are vegetables good?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
chopping vegetables	9	Who will be helping out with the chopping?	text	Friends	No one else	1
chopping vegetables	10	What did they do with the chopped vegetables?	text	mixed them together	Stored them for later	0
making soup	0	How many ingredients did they use for the soup?	text	Eight.	Just three.	0
making soup	1	Was the soup for someone who was sick?	commonsense	Yes it was.	No it was not.	1
making soup	2	When do they cook the celery?	text	At the start.	at the end	0
making soup	3	How long did the soup take to cook?	text	several hours	One hour.	0
making soup	4	How long did it take to make the soup?	text	30 minutes	several hours	1
making soup	5	What spices did they use to provide flavor to the soup?	text	salt, pepper, and poultry seasoning	just salt and pepper	0
making soup	6	Was there a lot of leftover soup?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making soup	7	do they like making soup?	commonsense	No they do not.	Yes they do.	1
making soup	8	What was in the soup?	text	Chicken, noodles, carrots, celery, onions, poultry seasoning	Beef, and carrots.	0
cleaning the table	0	What did they do after they cleaned the table?	text	Went to the living room to watch a movie.	Went to bed	0
cleaning the table	1	does everyone sit at the table and eat?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning the table	2	What will they be doing after the cleaning is complete?	text	Going out for ice-cream	Watching a movie	1
cleaning the table	3	When did they clean the table?	text	After removing the dirty dishes.	Before dinner	0
cleaning the table	4	What did they use to clean the table with?	text	Sponge	A wet rag	1
cleaning the table	5	Where was this dirty table?	commonsense	Dining room	In the bathroom.	0
cleaning the table	6	Who ate at the table?	text	Girl and her boyfriend	Me by myself	0
washing dishes	0	Did they have enough dish soap?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing dishes	1	where do the dishes go after they wash them	commonsense	room	back in the sink	0
washing dishes	2	Was there any food on the dishes?	text	yes	no food there	0
washing dishes	3	Why didn't they use the dishwasher?	text	They didn't have one.	They did for the small dishes. Large dishes didn't fit.	1
washing dishes	5	Did they use a towel to wash the dishes?	text	No, a sponge.	yes	0
washing dishes	6	Who washed the dishes?	text	The narrator.	their mom	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	What had they ordered?	text	They ordered chicken.	fish	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	How was the service?	commonsense	Good service.	Bad service.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	How long did they wait for the food?	commonsense	hours	It took a little while to fix it.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	How long did they wait on their food?	commonsense	Not long.	hours	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	Where was the order taken when they complained?	text	At their table in the restaurant.	It was taken over the phone.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	Was the food prepared well?	text	The second time, yes.	The first time, yes.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Did someone tell them to change the trash bags?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Did the trash bag leak?	text	yes	no	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	How did it smell?	commonsense	Good	Bad	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Who changed the garbage bag?	commonsense	The Author	It didn't say.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	how did they get the bag out of the trash can?	commonsense	Lifted the bag out	Turned the garbage can over	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Was the bag changed right away?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Who was the one taking out the garbage?	commonsense	it didn't say.	The Author	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	How long until the garbage bag need to be removed again?	commonsense	tomorrow	When it is full	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	did the old garbage look heavy?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	9	Did anyone help them replace the bags?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
writing a letter	0	Did they mail the letter?	text	No, she put it on her desk	Yes they did.	1
writing a letter	1	Did they use a self-sealing envelope?	text	No they did not.	Yes, she did not have to lick the envelope	0
writing a letter	2	Who are they writing to?	text	Their friend Katie.	Caitlin	0
writing a letter	3	What did the letter end with?	text	Love, Katie	Love, Caitlin	1
writing a letter	4	What type of letter did they write?	text	A formal letter	a regular letter keeping in touch	1
wrapping a gift	0	When were they going to give the gift to someone?	text	When they saw their friend.	at Christmas	0
wrapping a gift	1	Who bought the present?	text	the author	Their mom got it for them.	0
wrapping a gift	2	Was it hard for them to wrap the gift?	commonsense	No, it wasn't hard to wrap the gift.	Yes, the gift was very hard to wrap.	0
wrapping a gift	3	Was the gift for a holiday?	text	Yes, it was a Christmas present.	No, it was a birthday present.	1
wrapping a gift	4	was it someone's birthday?	text	No, it was Christmas.	Yes, it was their friend's birthday.	1
wrapping a gift	5	What was the gift?	text	It was a jewelry box.	It was a puppy.	0
wrapping a gift	6	Who was the gift for?	text	It was for their friend.	their mom	0
wrapping a gift	7	Who wrapped the gift?	text	They wrapped it at the store.	the author	1
cleaning the floor	0	Did they know what they were doing?	commonsense	Yes	No.	0
cleaning the floor	1	When did they clean the floor?	commonsense	when it was dirty	all the time	0
cleaning the floor	2	How did the floor look afterward?	commonsense	Dirty.	Clean	1
cleaning the floor	3	Who cleaned the floor?	text	the maid did	they did	1
cleaning the floor	4	How did they fill up the bucket?	commonsense	Using a faucet	With water hose	0
cleaning the floor	5	Did they sweep and mop the floor?	text	Yes swept then mopped	No, just sweeping	0
cleaning the floor	6	Where did they clean the floor at?	text	In the garage.	Kitchen floor	1
cleaning the floor	7	In what room did the floor need cleaning?	text	Kitchen.	bathroom	0
painting a wall	0	Did they paint other walls?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
painting a wall	1	Was the wall in a house?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
painting a wall	2	Did it take more than 1 day?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
painting a wall	3	Was the job completed quickly?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
painting a wall	4	Did they use a paint brush or roller?	text	Paint brush	Roller	0
painting a wall	5	Where did they get the paint?	text	Grocery Store	local hardware store	1
cooking fish	0	where was it cooked?	text	in the kitchen	In the microwave.	0
cooking fish	1	How did they season the fish?	text	Salt and Pepper	Using egg, breadcrumbs, corn meal and Parmesan Cheese.	1
cooking fish	2	Were they cooking it at home?	commonsense	It is assumed	No, they were cooking it for their restaurant.	0
cooking fish	3	What did they use to cook the fish?	text	oven	Pan and some oil	1
cooking fish	4	How many people can the fish feed?	commonsense	Their family.	There is just one serving.	0
cooking fish	5	Did they catch the fish?	text	No	yes, caught in a lake	0
cooking fish	6	Did they cook the fish in a pan?	text	Yes	No,on a grill.	0
washing dishes	0	What type of detergent did they use?	text	Dishwasher	Laundry detergent	0
washing dishes	1	What kind of soap did they use?	text	Dish washing soap.	They used laundry soap.	0
washing dishes	2	How hot is the water they are using to wash the dishes?	text	It was lukewarm water.	very	1
washing dishes	3	Did one person wash them or more?	text	Two	One	1
washing dishes	4	were the dishes very dirty?	text	No, they were clean.	Yes, the dishes were dirty.	1
washing dishes	5	Was there a lot of dishes?	text	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	6	Who washed the dishes?	text	The maid	The narrator	1
washing dishes	7	Were they in a restaurant?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
washing dishes	8	did they use the dishwasher?	text	No, they did the dishes by hand.	Yes, they used the dishwasher.	1
washing dishes	9	Was there any food left on the dishes?	text	Yes	No	0
cleaning the table	0	When did they start cleaning the table?	text	After dinner was over.	Before dinner	0
cleaning the table	1	Was it a dining table?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
cleaning the table	2	How did they clean the dishes?	commonsense	did not clean the dishes	The brother did them	1
cleaning the table	3	Did they clean before the next meal was served?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
cleaning the table	4	Did they clean the table before or after they ate?	text	Before eating	After eating	1
cleaning the table	5	After cleaning, did they set the table for the meal?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
cleaning the table	6	Was the wood table waxed after wiping?	commonsense	no	yes	0
cleaning the table	7	How did they decide that the table needed to be cleaned?	commonsense	It's routine	They had just done crafts	0
working in the garden	0	Did they dig in the garden?	commonsense	yes	no	0
working in the garden	1	What plants were in the garden?	text	Veggies,herbs,and flowers.	just tomatoes and cucumbers	0
working in the garden	2	Are there vegetables in the garden?	text	yes	No.	0
working in the garden	3	Did they have to go to another garden after finishing their work in this garden?	commonsense	yes	no	1
working in the garden	4	What did they drink when they needed a break?	commonsense	Tea	water	1
unloading the dishwasher	0	Were the dishes put away?	commonsense	Yes they were.	No, they left them in the dishwasher.	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	How difficult was it for them to use the dishwasher?	commonsense	Its not difficult at all.	It was very difficult.	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	Where did they put the dishes?	commonsense	In the garage.	In their proper place	1
planning a holiday trip	0	When did they plan the trip for?	text	Winter at Christmas	Summer, three weeks out	1
planning a holiday trip	2	Where did they go on vacation?	text	South Carolina.	New York City	1
planning a holiday trip	3	Are they coming back the same way they plan to leave?	commonsense	Most flights are two way, so yes	No.	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Will they be driving or flying?	text	Flying	driving.	0
planning a holiday trip	5	Why are they going on a trip?	text	They went to a wedding in NYC	It's Summer and they wanted to	1
planning a holiday trip	6	Why did they decide to go to that location?	text	They found a great deal online	It's their favorite place	1
planning a holiday trip	7	Where do they plan to go on their holiday trip?	text	New York City	Boston	0
folding clothes	0	How did they fold the socks?	text	they bunched the socks together	They folded them in half	0
folding clothes	1	Where did they put everything when they finished?	text	In the child's closet	the dresser drawers	1
folding clothes	2	Did anyone help them fold the clothes?	text	No	yes, a family member	0
folding clothes	3	Who helped them fold all the clothes?	text	Nobody helped	everyone folded their own	0
folding clothes	4	Whose clothes are they folding?	text	their neighbor's	everyone in their family, including their own	1
folding clothes	5	Are there a lot of clothes to fold?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
folding clothes	6	Why were they folding clothes?	text	they had a clothes fight	Because they were clean and dry and ready to be put away	1
feeding the fish	0	how many times a day do they get food?	commonsense	Two.	One.	1
feeding the fish	1	When did they feed the fish?	text	When the fish swam to the top.	As soon as they remembered.	1
feeding the fish	2	How long did it take to feed the fish?	commonsense	Thirty minutes.	a moment	1
feeding the fish	3	What time did they feed the fish?	text	Yesterday afternoon	this morning	0
feeding the fish	5	Were the fish in a man made lake?	text	yes	no	1
feeding the fish	6	What did they do after feeding the fish?	text	Watch the fish eat.	ate the fish	0
feeding the fish	7	Do the all the fish eat the same food?	commonsense	no	yes	0
feeding the fish	8	Where was the fish?	text	in the tank	in the lake	0
feeding the fish	9	Where did they feed the fish?	text	at the park	his tank	1
feeding the fish	10	How do they know what type of food to use?	text	They called the pet store to ask	The food is labeled.	1
preparing a picnic	0	When will the picnic end?	commonsense	When they decide to go home	Before they eat	0
preparing a picnic	1	Could people bring their children to the picnic?	commonsense	Yes they could.	No they could not.	0
preparing a picnic	2	What will they do if it rains?	commonsense	go back home	continue the picnic	0
preparing a picnic	3	Where did they want to have the picnic?	text	their backyard	The little park on the corner.	1
preparing a picnic	4	Is the picnic in a park?	text	Yes it is.	No it is not.	0
preparing a picnic	5	Who is packing the picnic?	text	The narrator and their daughter	The narrator and their son	0
preparing a picnic	6	what kind of food was there?	text	Pizza, popcorn, soda	tortilla wraps and fruit	1
preparing a picnic	7	What did they prepare to eat at the picnic?	text	tortilla wraps and fruit	Sandwiches and fruit	0
preparing a picnic	8	How many people were going on the picnic?	text	Two	four	0
answering the doorbell	0	Did someone answer the door?	text	home owner	nobody	0
answering the doorbell	1	Why were they ringing the bell?	text	to sell cable packages	delivering a package	0
answering the doorbell	2	Were they delivering something?	text	no they were selling	yes they were delivering	0
answering the doorbell	3	Do you know who rang the doorbell?	text	a friend	The salesman.	1
answering the doorbell	4	Who answered the doorbell?	text	Their mother	The author	1
answering the doorbell	5	Is it my friend who came to see me?	text	no not a friend	yes it was	0
answering the doorbell	6	When did they answer the door?	text	the never did	After the doorbell ringing and knocking would not stop	1
answering the doorbell	7	How did they ring the doorbell?	commonsense	Push it	With their phone.	0
answering the doorbell	8	How long did it take to answer the doorbell?	commonsense	a couple of minutes	over ten minutes	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	Where were they when they gave the medicine?	text	In the kitchen.	In the bedroom	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	What amount of medicine did they give them?	text	They gave them one pill.	They gave them two pills.	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	How much medicine did they take?	text	One spoonful.	One pill.	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	Did they whine and cry when they had to take their medicine?	text	No.	Yes	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	What is the dosage?	text	1 spoonful	One pill	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	How did they give them the medicine?	text	They handed them a pill to take.	They gave them the medicine on a spoon.	0
giving a medicine to someone	6	Who was taking the medicine?	text	Their mom	child	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Where did they get the medicine from?	text	Downstairs in a drawer.	A cabinet	0
giving a medicine to someone	8	What does the medicine do?	text	The medicine is for a stomach ache.	Help with cold .	1
giving a medicine to someone	9	Was somebody holding a spoon?	commonsense	No, they only had a pill.	Yes, the medicine was on a spoon.	0
giving a medicine to someone	10	What was the medicine for?	text	For a stomach ache.	Mother's cold	1
giving a medicine to someone	11	Where do they get the medicine?	text	downstairs	From a medicine cabinet	0
walking a dog	0	Who walked with the dog?	text	The other dogs in the neighborhood	narrator	1
walking a dog	1	Where did they go?	text	For a walk with their dog.	for a drive	0
walking a dog	2	How did they put the leash on the dog?	text	By having the dog step through the harness first.	By winding it around his neck.	0
walking a dog	3	Did they use a leash or a harness or both?	text	both	harness	0
walking a dog	4	Who went on the walk?	text	just the narrator	narrator and dog	1
walking a dog	5	How often do they walk the dog?	commonsense	once a week	every day	1
walking a dog	6	Why was the dog walked every day?	commonsense	for punishment	Needs to relieve itself/ and for exercise	1
walking a dog	7	Why did they take plastic bags with them?	commonsense	in case they went shopping	in case the dog pooped	1
walking a dog	8	When did they decide they had to walk the dog?	text	when the dog looked antsy	When the dog scratched the front door.	0
walking a dog	9	Did the dog like its walk?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
going to the dentist	0	Who had an appointment?	text	they did	The storyteller's Mother.	0
going to the dentist	1	Are their teeth clean and shiny now?	text	Not at all.	Yes	1
going to the dentist	2	Where did they wait before the appointment?	text	In the waiting room.	Hallway	0
going to the dentist	3	Who went to the dentist?	text	The storyteller's Mother.	they did	1
going to the dentist	4	Will they go back to visit the dentist again?	text	Yes they will.	No they will not.	0
going to the theater	0	Where was the theater?	text	out of town	In their town.	1
going to the theater	1	What genre is the movie?	text	It was a musical.	It was a horror movie.	0
going to the theater	2	How long did it take to get tickets?	commonsense	A little while	It took a month for them to arrive.	0
going to the theater	3	Did they stay until the very end?	commonsense	yes	no	0
going to the theater	4	When did they leave the theater?	commonsense	in the middle of the show	After the musical finished	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Did they always do this on the same day of the week?	commonsense	yes	no	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	When did they decide to replace the garbage bag?	text	after coming back inside	When the old bag was still empty.	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	How many people did it take to change the garbage bag?	text	one	five	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Did the bag need to be removed?	text	no	yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Who replaced the garbage bag?	text	The main character	The man's wife	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Was the garbage overflowing when they changed the bags?	text	yes	no	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Is the trashcan inside or outside?	text	inside	outside	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Where did they put the old bag?	text	outside	In the dumpster	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	Did they use twist ties to close up the full bag?	text	no, tied a knot	yes	0
folding clothes	0	Why were they folding clothes?	text	to sell them	keeps the clothes in good condition and makes them very easy to put away	1
folding clothes	1	Did they put the clothes into a basket after folding them?	text	no	yes	1
folding clothes	2	How did they carry the clothes?	text	in a suitcase	in a basket	1
folding clothes	3	Who was folding the clothes?	text	their mom	The person writing this	1
folding clothes	4	Are the clothes dry?	text	yes	no	0
folding clothes	5	why did they fold the clothes?	text	to make them easier to put away	to hang them up	0
folding clothes	6	What order did they fold the clothes in?	text	pants then shirts	shirts first then pants	0
sewing a button	0	Did they use a needle to sew it?	text	Yes, they did.	No, they did not.	0
sewing a button	1	When did the button fall off?	text	Today	yesterday	0
sewing a button	2	Who was sewing the button?	text	The mother	the speaker	1
sewing a button	3	Why did they need to find a specific button?	commonsense	They found the button right after it fell.	it was the only choice	0
sewing a button	4	How does the button stay on?	text	With glue	sewed	1
sewing a button	5	What type of clothing is it?	text	Long sleeve button up blouse	A skirt	0
sewing a button	6	Why did they sew the button?	text	It broke.	Because it fell off	1
sewing a button	7	What are they doing?	text	Sewing up a rip	Replacing a missing button	1
sewing a button	8	how long did it take	commonsense	A few minutes	all afternoon	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	The narrator.	The children	0
vacuuming the carpet	1	What area did they vacuum first?	text	the center of the room	the toy room	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	Where did they empty the filter?	text	The sink	in the trash	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Did they get any help from any other family members?	text	Yes, the parents	Yes, the children.	1
taking a bath	1	Did they enjoy the bath?	text	no	yes	1
taking a bath	2	How did they get clean in the bath?	commonsense	used water and soap	by taking a shower	0
taking a bath	3	Did the person in the bath need someone else to clean them?	commonsense	yes	no	1
taking a bath	4	Why did they need to take a bath?	text	it was Saturday	they were tired and dirty	1
making toasted bread	0	What kind of bread was used?	text	They used wheat bread.	They had white bread.	0
making toasted bread	1	what do they like to put on toasted bread?	text	Nothing	Jam	0
making toasted bread	2	Where are they toasting the bread?	text	in the kitchen	in the dining room	0
making toasted bread	3	Did they put the bread on a plate?	text	No, they ate over the sink.	Yes, they put it on a plate.	1
making toasted bread	4	How are they toasting the bread?	text	in the oven	Using a toaster	1
making toasted bread	5	How long til it is cool enough to eat?	commonsense	five minutes	immediately	1
making toasted bread	6	Was the bread spoiled?	text	Yes, the bread was moldy.	No, the bread was fine.	1
making toasted bread	7	What did they put on the toast?	text	They had cheese on their toast.	nothing	1
making toasted bread	8	Who wanted the toast?	text	Their son wanted toast.	the narrator	1
working in the garden	0	When did they work in the garden?	text	today	before work	0
working in the garden	2	What was the first thing that was planted?	commonsense	cucumber seeds	flower seeds	1
working in the garden	3	Who planted the garden?	text	narrator	the neighbor	0
working in the garden	4	Were they working alone in the garden?	text	yes	no	0
working in the garden	5	Will they work in the garden again?	text	no	yes	1
having a barbecue	0	Who is invited to the barbecue?	text	Their neighbors and coworkers.	Their friends and family.	1
having a barbecue	1	who's holding the barbecue?	text	a family friend	the author	1
having a barbecue	2	Who went to the barbeque?	text	Friends and family.	Coworkers and their boss.	0
having a barbecue	3	Did they enjoy the meal?	commonsense	Yes, everyone had a great time.	No, it got rained out.	0
having a barbecue	4	Were there any deserts at the BBQ?	commonsense	No, there was no desserts.	Yes, there was desserts.	1
having a barbecue	5	Was the BBQ for a holiday?	text	No, it was just a nice weekend.	Yes, it was for Memorial Day.	1
going on a train	0	What was the purpose for their trip?	text	to visit their friend	a job interview in the city	0
going on a train	1	Did the have carry on luggage?	text	no, just the clothes on his back	yes, carry-on luggage	1
going on a train	2	Where are they going?	text	to visit their friend	on vacation	0
going on a train	3	Why were they traveling?	text	visit a museum in the city	to see a friend	1
taking a taxi	0	When did they take the taxi?	text	right before her job interview	three hours after the interview	0
taking a taxi	1	Did they ride with anyone else ?	commonsense	yes	no	1
taking a taxi	2	Where did the taxi take them?	text	A job interview	To the airport.	0
taking a taxi	3	How many passengers were there?	text	Just one.	There were 4 passengers.	0
taking a taxi	4	Why didn't they drive their own car?	text	They were not allowed one at school.	It was being serviced.	0
taking a taxi	5	How long did it take to get a taxi?	text	The driver was there in 30 minutes.	It took a little over an hour.	0
taking a taxi	6	Where did the driver pick them up ?	text	outside their building.	They picked them up at the airport.	0
making a bonfire	0	why did they build a bonfire	text	So they could enjoy an evening gathering	to burn down the forest	0
making a bonfire	1	What time was the bonfire?	text	At lunch time	Evening	1
making a bonfire	2	How did they keep the fire going?	commonsense	they poured water on it	They put more wood on it	1
making a bonfire	3	When did they light the fire?	text	after preparing the area	the next day	0
making a bonfire	4	Why did they want to have a bonfire?	text	to burn evidence	So they could all gather around it	1
making a bonfire	5	When did they make the bonfire?	text	in the evening	on Christmas day	0
making a bonfire	6	was there any food served?	text	Yes, they had snacks.	No, they just drank hot chocolate	0
making a bonfire	7	Why did they want to build a bonfire?	text	So they could burn sensitive papers	So they could sit around it and talk	1
making a bonfire	8	Who lit the fire?	text	The person telling the story.	One of the storyteller's friends	0
making scrambled eggs	0	Who made the scrambled eggs?	text	Narrator of story.	mom	0
making scrambled eggs	1	how many people were involved in cooking?	text	2	One.	1
making scrambled eggs	2	Why did they use milk in the eggs?	commonsense	some people do it that way	Lighten the color.	0
making scrambled eggs	3	What kind of pan did they cook the scrambled eggs in?	text	skillet	a sauce pan	0
making scrambled eggs	4	How did the scrambled eggs taste?	text	great, it was a very yummy breakfast.	They were burned.	0
making scrambled eggs	5	What did they cook the eggs in?	text	Skillet.	Bowl.	0
making scrambled eggs	6	Where did they make the scrambled eggs?	text	In the microwave.	the kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	7	When were the eggs added to the pan?	text	after being scrambled and the pan heated and the butter melted	Before the butter was added to the pan.	0
making scrambled eggs	8	Where do they put the eggs after they are stirred in the bowl?	text	On the plate.	Into the skillet.	1
making scrambled eggs	9	Did the scrambled eggs taste good?	text	yes, it was a very yummy breakfast.	No, tasted bad.	0
making scrambled eggs	10	How long did it take for the scrambled eggs to cook?	commonsense	A few hours	usually a few minutes, like 3 - 5 minutes depending on if you like them wet or hard	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	What did they order?	text	They both had sandwiches.	They both had bagels with cream cheese.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	How was the service?	text	The service was efficient.	The service was slow.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	How did they get to the restaurant, by car?	text	No, they walked	yes, drove a car	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	Did they like the food they ate?	text	Yes	no	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	Were they by themselves or with anyone?	text	They were by themselves.	They were with some other friends.	0
paying bills	0	Who paid the bills?	text	Child	The storyteller's parents.	1
paying bills	1	Where did they pay the bills?	text	they mailed the bill in	At the nearest water company office.	1
paying bills	2	What would happen if they didn't pay the bills?	text	They will just pay next month.	They could lose a service.	1
making a bonfire	0	Where did they make the bonfire?	text	on a raft	safe location	1
making a bonfire	1	Did they make s'mores?	text	Yes	No	1
making a bonfire	2	Did the put the fire out when they were done?	commonsense	yes	no they left it burning	0
making a bonfire	3	Was the bonfire warm?	commonsense	Yes	no it was cold	0
making a bonfire	4	What did they use to make the bonfire?	text	Dried wood.	green leaves	0
making a bonfire	0	How did they keep the fire going?	commonsense	By adding more wood.	They kept throwing lighter fuel on it	0
making a bonfire	1	How long did the fire take to start?	commonsense	Less than 5 minutes	It took 2 hours	0
making a bonfire	2	why did they build a bonfire	text	it was chilly	To enjoy time with friends.	1
making a bonfire	3	When did they light the fire?	text	After everyone arrived	Before the friends got there	0
making a bonfire	4	How did the bonfire smell?	commonsense	Like the ocean	Smoky	1
visiting a museum	0	Which exhibits did they go to?	text	The dinosaur exhibits	The sea exhibit	0
visiting a museum	1	Did they have dinosaurs at the museum ?	text	No	Yes	1
visiting a museum	2	Who sold them tickets?	text	Their friend	The cashier at the museum	1
visiting a museum	3	Did they like the museum?	commonsense	no	yes	1
visiting a museum	4	Were they sick?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
visiting a museum	5	Why did they go to the museum?	text	There was a new exhibit	it was raining	1
visiting a museum	6	Did anyone encourage them to go to the museum ?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
visiting a museum	7	Who went with them?	text	Their friend Kallie	Their sister	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	What room was the alarm clock in?	commonsense	bedroom	kitchen	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	When did they open the alarm clock?	commonsense	When they wanted to take out the old batteries	before school	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	How did they take out the old batteries?	commonsense	By smashing the clock	by hand	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	Where was the clock located?	commonsense	near bed	In the kitchen	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	How did they know it was time to change the batteries?	text	The alarm did not go off	Because of a warning light on the clock	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	Why did they need to change the batteries?	text	Batteries were  likely dead as alarm did not go off for school	wrong type of battery was used	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	6	Where did they get the new batteries?	text	a convenience store near school	borrowed from a friend	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	7	How did they put the new batteries in?	commonsense	They used a hammer to break the clock open	by hand	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	8	Where did they get the batteries from?	text	convenience store	gas station	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	9	What did they do with the old batteries?	commonsense	threw them away	Threw them out of the car window	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	10	Where did they buy the batteries?	text	a grocery store near home	From the convenience store	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	After they finished eating, what did they do?	text	picked up their own trays	Went home	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Was the restaurant busy when they went?	text	Yes	No	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	How long did it take to cook the food?	text	45 minutes	a few minutes	1
unloading the dishwasher	0	How full was the dishwasher?	commonsense	half full	Completely	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	How many racks did the dishwasher have?	commonsense	Two	One	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	Where did they unload it?	commonsense	Home	They unloaded it in the bathroom.	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Why did they unload it?	commonsense	Because it was finished washing.	To put in dirty dishes	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	When did they unload the dishwasher?	text	They stopped it mid cycle to unload it.	When it was finished washing.	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Did they start putting dirty dishes in once it was empty?	text	Yes, they filled it back up.	no, they closed the door	1
playing tennis	0	Did they practice alone?	text	No.	yes	0
playing tennis	1	What kind of clothes was the player wearing?	commonsense	Gym.	Loose.	0
playing tennis	2	How did they get the tennis equipment?	commonsense	The school provided it	They bought it themselves	0
playing tennis	3	How did they score a point?	text	When ball wasn't returned.	if they hit the ball and it lands on their side	0
preparing dinner	0	Where did they make dinner?	commonsense	At work.	kitchen	1
preparing dinner	1	How many people were helping make dinner?	text	3 people	no one	1
preparing dinner	2	How long did it take?	commonsense	all day	short amount of time	1
preparing dinner	4	How did they prepare the dinner?	text	They microwaved it.	They made the sauce, added chicken, cooked rice.	1
preparing dinner	5	Was the food prepared on a clean surface?	commonsense	no they prepared it on the floor	yes	1
preparing dinner	6	Did they prepare any meat?	text	yes chicken	no it was a vegetarian meal	0
preparing dinner	7	how many courses were there?	text	Three	One	1
preparing dinner	8	How many different ingredients went into the dinner?	text	four	19	0
preparing dinner	9	Why did they make dinner?	text	their family deserved a break after working	it was expected	0
going grocery shopping	0	What did they buy?	commonsense	meat	Produce and Frosted Flakes and maybe other things not mentioned	1
going grocery shopping	1	What time of day did they go grocery shopping?	text	late night	Early morning	1
going grocery shopping	2	Did they get everything on their list?	commonsense	yes	No, they wanted steak but the store was sold out	0
going grocery shopping	3	Did they find everything they needed?	commonsense	no they couldn't find a tractor to buy	yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	0	Why does it make a loud noise?	commonsense	It is sucking	it didn't make any noise to sweep	0
vacuuming the carpet	1	Who helped them to vacuum?	commonsense	My mom	No one	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	Where does the dirt go?	commonsense	in the handle	The dirt goes into the canister.	1
vacuuming the carpet	3	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	the narrator	the dog, it's very talented and useful	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Why did they decide to go to that location?	commonsense	It was where they had always wanted to go.	Affordability	1
planning a holiday trip	1	Where are they going to be staying?	commonsense	with relatives	at hotels	1
making scrambled eggs	0	Did they have the scrambled eggs for breakfast?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making scrambled eggs	1	where did they cook it?	text	on the stove	in the oven	0
making scrambled eggs	2	What do they put in with the stirred eggs?	commonsense	Water, butter	Milk, butter	1
making scrambled eggs	3	Why did they put the egg in the pan that way?	commonsense	to store it	To cook them	1
making scrambled eggs	5	What did they use to cook the eggs?	text	the microwave	fire pan, spatula and stove	1
making scrambled eggs	6	Why were they cooking eggs?	commonsense	Never cooked eggs	to eat	1
making scrambled eggs	7	How did they cook the eggs?	text	In a pan	In the oven	0
making scrambled eggs	8	When were the eggs taken out of the pan?	commonsense	When they are as firm as you want them	when they are black and hard	0
going dancing	0	Who went dancing?	text	The person who told the story and their girlfriend.	A big group of friends.	0
visiting the beach	0	where is the beach at?	text	Miami	Tampa	0
visiting the beach	1	have they been to the beach before?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
visiting the beach	2	When did they go to the beach?	text	Today	Yesterday	0
visiting the beach	3	what activities were they doing?	text	swimming, reading, drinking	Cooking	0
visiting the beach	4	What were they wearing?	text	polka dot swim suit	hats	0
changing a light bulb	0	Why did they change the light bulb?	text	It was not working.	They wanted a different kind of light bulb.	0
changing a light bulb	1	Who changed the light bulb?	text	A repair man.	Story teller.	1
changing a light bulb	2	How did they screw in the new light bulb?	commonsense	hands	They put the light bulb on the table and left.	0
changing a light bulb	4	Did they already have a new bulb?	text	No they didn't.	Yes they did.	1
changing a light bulb	5	How many people did it take?	text	Two people.	One person.	1
changing a light bulb	6	Did they have to buy a light bulb from the store, or did they already have one at home?	text	No, they found lightbulbs in the supply closet.	Yes, they had to drive to the store.	0
changing a light bulb	7	How many people changed the light bulb?	text	There was only one person to change the light bulb.	It didn't say.	0
changing a light bulb	8	Did they test the bulb to see if it worked after they screwed it in?	text	Yes they did.	No they didn't.	0
answering the phone	0	Who called them?	text	His mother	Their friend	1
answering the phone	1	Why did the caller call that person?	text	Friends	Because they wanted to see the new movie.	0
answering the phone	2	Was the person they were calling for available to talk?	text	Yes, but reluctant	No she wasn't available.	0
answering the phone	3	When was the phone answered?	text	After the third call	Right away	0
answering the phone	4	Did the phone ring a lot?	text	Yes	No.	0
answering the phone	5	What were they doing before they answered the phone?	text	They were playing a video game	They were working	1
answering the phone	6	How did they feel about the phone call?	text	the person was happy that the person had called.	the person was annoyed that I was interrupted.	0
baking a cake	0	What were they doing?	text	baking a cake	walking the dog	0
baking a cake	1	Did they follow a recipe or improvise while baking the cake?	text	Followed a recipe	improvise	0
baking a cake	2	Why were they celebrating with a cake?	text	For Christmas	For a birthday	0
baking a cake	3	Who bought the ingredients?	text	My friend bout the ingredients	they did	1
baking a cake	4	Did anyone else help with baking the cake?	commonsense	yes, my mother helped	none mentioned	1
baking a cake	5	Why did they choose to bake a cake?	text	They had to make one for themselves.	It had to be baked for a party	0
baking a cake	6	What kind of cake is it?	text	chocolate	Butter cake	1
playing tennis	0	How many people were playing tennis?	text	Four	Two	1
playing tennis	1	Who played together?	text	Two teachers at the school	Ajith and Vijay	1
playing tennis	2	what kinds of clothes did they wear?	commonsense	Gym clothes	They cross dressed	0
changing bed sheets	0	Were the bedsheets dirty?	commonsense	No	yes, they had been slept on for a week	1
changing bed sheets	1	How long did it take to remove the sheets?	commonsense	A moment	Hours	0
changing bed sheets	2	When did they change the sheets?	text	Weekly	once a month	0
changing bed sheets	3	how long did they keep the bed sheets before changing them	text	One month	One week	1
baking a cake	0	What was the occasion that the cake was being baked for?	text	A reunion	for a friend's birthday	1
baking a cake	1	Was the cake mix store bought?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	2	Where was the cake baked?	text	the kitchen	At an art class	0
baking a cake	3	Why did they serve them cake?	text	For graduation	For a birthday	1
baking a cake	4	How long should the cake bake?	text	an hour	2 minutes	0
baking a cake	5	Did they have a lot of experience in baking cakes?	text	lots	None at all	1
baking a cake	6	Why were they baking the cake?	text	for Christmas	For a friend's birthday	1
ironing laundry	0	Who ironed the laundry?	text	the neighbor	The narrator	1
ironing laundry	1	Do they always iron the laundry?	commonsense	Only when it is wrinkled.	Yes	0
ironing laundry	2	Why did the clothes need to be ironed?	text	they had just come out of the laundry	They were wrinkled.	1
ironing laundry	3	did they have a hard time ironing?	commonsense	Yes, they struggled	Not too much trouble, they were able to get it done	1
ironing laundry	4	When did they turn off the iron?	commonsense	when they finished ironing their clothes	the next day	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	Who cooked the food?	commonsense	he did	Cook	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	was the restaurant close to home?	text	In neighborhoods.	no, it was across town	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	Did they like the new food they got in exchange?	text	yes, it was perfect	No.	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	In which room did they vacuum the carpet?	text	living room	Bathroom	0
vacuuming the carpet	1	Why did they pick that vacuum cleaner?	commonsense	It was pretty.	One they own	1
vacuuming the carpet	2	What did they do after vacuuming?	text	Put it back away	Left the vacuum out	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Was the room clean after?	commonsense	No, left it dirty.	yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	What rooms did they vacuum?	text	living room	Kitchen.	0
vacuuming the carpet	5	Was the person who vacuumed the carpet mad?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
vacuuming the carpet	6	Was the vacuum cleaner loud?	commonsense	yes	no	0
vacuuming the carpet	7	When did they stop vacuuming the carpet?	text	after it was clean	When they got distracted by a phone call	0
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Is it daytime or nighttime?	commonsense	It was morning.	nighttime	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Did they have a drink with their food?	commonsense	no	yes	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Why do they use a gas stove?	commonsense	that's the type of stove they have	They didn't, they used the wood burning stove.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Were they hungry when waiting for the food?	commonsense	yes	No, they had just eaten ice cream.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	What were they cooking?	text	lasagna	Pasta/dinner	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	Did the food smell good while heating?	commonsense	yes	no	0
heating food on kitchen gas	6	What time was the food being made/	commonsense	Night	breakfast time	0
heating food on kitchen gas	7	Why did they need to heat food?	commonsense	To cook it properly	Didn't heat it	0
paying bills	0	Did they have enough money to pay the bills?	commonsense	Yes, he paid them all.	No, he was short.	0
paying bills	1	Where the bills paid on time?	text	no payed after one week	yes	1
paying bills	2	Did they talk to anyone on the phone about their bills?	text	yes with mother	no	1
paying bills	3	Will there be bills in the future?	commonsense	No, everything is paid off.	Yes, these bills come every month.	1
paying bills	4	Can they use a computer to pay the bills?	text	Yes, they were getting online to pay some of the bills.	No, they wrote a check for everything.	0
paying bills	5	When did they pay the bills?	text	When they were due	the end of the month	0
paying bills	6	When did the bills get paid?	text	At the end of the month.	the first of the month	1
paying bills	7	What type of bills are they paying?	text	rent and loans	rent, gas, water, electric, and Internet utilities	1
paying bills	8	Did they use borrowed money?	commonsense	no	yes	0
paying bills	9	How many bills were there?	text	ten	Five	1
paying bills	10	When were the bills due?	text	Immediately	At the end of the month.	0
ordering a pizza	0	Who ordered the pizza?	text	The delivery boy	the narrator	1
ordering a pizza	1	Why did they order pizza?	text	Not wanting to cook	Not wanting to grocery shop	0
ordering a pizza	2	How many people ate the pizza?	commonsense	One	Twenty	0
ordering a pizza	3	What toppings did they get on the pizza?	text	green olives	extra pepperoni	1
baking a cake	0	Where do they start the process?	text	At home to check ingredients	putting the cake in the oven	0
baking a cake	1	What were they doing?	text	eating a lemon	baking a cake	1
going to the sauna	0	When did they go to the sauna?	text	A week ago	Yesterday	1
going to the sauna	1	Was this for social purposes?	commonsense	Yes	no	0
going to the sauna	2	When did they enter the sauna?	text	after their short workout when it was their turn	Today	0
going to the sauna	3	What kind of clothing did they have to wear to be in the sauna?	text	in loose clothing	clothing not required	1
going on a date	0	Did it include a movie or dinner?	text	No, they went to the park.	Yes, dinner.	1
going on a date	1	Did they go to different places on their date?	text	no, just the restaurant	yes, dinner and a movie	0
going on a date	2	Where was the date at?	text	A movie theater.	A restaurant.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	When did they get their food?	text	Fifteen minutes after they ordered.	In 1 hour	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	How was the service?	commonsense	Not that good.	good.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	How long did it take for them to get the food?	text	15 minutes	1 Hour	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	Who did they get to correct the order?	text	the waiter	The manager.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	Did the chef send the wrong order on purpose?	commonsense	Yes he did.	No he did not.	1
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	When did they notice something was wrong?	text	When they were done eating.	As soon as the food was delivered	1
playing a movie	0	What mode of transportation did they choose?	text	boat	A car	1
playing a movie	1	Did they eat popcorn when they played the movie?	text	no	yes	1
playing a movie	2	Did they rent the movie?	text	no, bought it	yes	0
playing a movie	3	Did they play the whole movie?	text	No	Yes	1
playing a movie	4	How did they get the movie to play?	text	Using a DVD player	pressed off	0
playing a movie	5	What button did they push to start the movie?	commonsense	the fast forward button	The play button	1
playing a movie	6	What were they sitting on to watch the movie?	text	The floor	on the couch	1
playing a movie	7	What device did they use to play the movie?	text	DVD player	A computer	0
playing a movie	8	Did they like the movie?	text	no	yes	1
playing a movie	9	Why did they laugh?	text	it was sad	the movie was funny	1
packing a suitcase	0	Where did they pack the suitcase?	commonsense	bedroom	kitchen	0
packing a suitcase	1	Who packed the suitcase?	text	wife	Their husband packed everything.	0
packing a suitcase	2	Was the suitcase very full?	commonsense	no	yes	1
packing a suitcase	3	Who is packaging the suitcase?	text	Their husband packed everything.	wife	1
packing a suitcase	4	Who did the packing?	text	wife	Their husband packed everything.	0
packing a suitcase	5	Why are they packing a suitcase?	text	They are moving out.	planned trip	1
packing a suitcase	6	Where was the suitcase located?	text	closet	basement	0
packing a suitcase	8	Whose suitcase are they packing?	text	They were packing their husband's.	their own	1
baking a cake	0	What were they doing?	text	baking cookies	baking a cake	1
baking a cake	1	Did the cake turn out well?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	2	Where was the cake baked?	text	At the narrator's home	on the stove	0
getting a haircut	0	Did they show them a picture of how they wanted their hair?	text	no	yes	0
getting a haircut	1	Did the hairdresser wash their hair before the cut?	text	Yes, they washed their hair.	Hair was not washed	0
getting a haircut	2	How long did they wait	text	5 hours	5 minutes	1
getting a haircut	3	How much hair did the stylist cut off?	text	12 inches	a few inches with layers	1
getting a haircut	4	How long did the haircut take?	commonsense	Not very long.	5 hours	0
getting a haircut	5	Who got their hair cut?	text	The person telling the story's child.	Speaker	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Was there anyone else in the room?	text	No, they were alone.	Yes, their daughter.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Did the food smell good while heating?	commonsense	No, it smelled like it was burning.	Yes it did.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	2	How long did it take the burner to come on?	commonsense	an hour	Just a second or two.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	Was the food for dinner?	text	Yes,the food was for dinner.	No, it was for breakfast.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	4	Why is this task being performed?	text	So they can make breakfast.	they are fixing dinner	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	Where will we be eating?	commonsense	on the kitchen counter	at the dinner table	1
heating food on kitchen gas	6	Were they heating leftovers?	text	Yes, they were having leftovers again.	No, they weren't having leftovers.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	7	did they eat the food?	text	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
taking a photograph	0	Why did they choose the subject to shoot?	commonsense	It was boring	they like flowers	1
taking a photograph	1	When was the last photo taken?	text	today	in the evening	0
taking a photograph	2	Was the person taking the photo a professional?	commonsense	No, they don't have a camera.	Yes, they do this professionally.	0
making omelette	0	What else besides eggs was put into the omelette?	text	Veggies,meat,and cheese.	Salad and fruit	0
making omelette	1	When did the person making the omelette stir the eggs?	text	Before putting in pan.	After place in pan.	0
making omelette	2	What kind of cheese did they use in their omelette?	text	Cream cheese and American cheese	American, cheddar,or mozzarella.	1
making omelette	3	How long did they cook the omelette?	text	hours	Few minutes on each side	1
making omelette	4	Who made the omelette?	text	the author	the neighbor	0
making omelette	5	What did they put in their omelette?	text	Meat,vegetables and cheese	fruits	0
making omelette	6	What things did they add into the omelette?	text	Cheese,meat,and salt.	Veggies,cheese,and meat.	1
making omelette	7	Were they making the omelette for someone else?	text	Yes	No.	1
making omelette	8	Who was the omelette for?	text	The Author	The family.	0
making omelette	9	Why did they decide to cook an omelette?	commonsense	they like omelettes	They made it for a neighbor	0
planting a tree	0	Did they check to see if the tree needs sun or shade?	text	yes	they did not.	0
planting a tree	1	Why did they plant the tree?	text	fruit and beauty	for fun	0
planting a tree	2	Will the tree attract animals?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planting a tree	3	Will they fertilize the tree?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planting a tree	4	What kind of tree was it?	text	several trees including a cherry tree	a pine tree	0
planting a tree	5	Does this tree have special flowers or bears fruit?	text	yes, cherries	no	0
planting a tree	6	Do they need special tools to plant the tree?	commonsense	no	yes, shovels	1
planting a tree	7	Did the tree have leaves?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planting a tree	8	Where was it planted?	text	on camps grounds	at home	0
taking a taxi	0	Where did they ride in the taxi?	text	work	To their house	1
taking a taxi	1	Where were they going to?	text	work	John's house	1
taking a taxi	2	How did they get to the taxi?	text	they hunted one down	called it from the sidewalk	1
taking a taxi	3	From where were they picked up by the taxi?	text	home	on the sidewalk outside of work	1
taking a taxi	4	Where did they get on the taxi?	text	from home	called on the sidewalk	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	Which surfaces did they clean?	text	The mirror, the shower, the toilet, the sink and the floors.	The windows	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	Did anyone help them clean the bathroom?	commonsense	No one helped	Yes, their family pitched in and helped.	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	Did they clean the shower?	text	Yes they did.	No, they forgot to.	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	When did they clean the bathroom?	text	When they arrived home from work.	before work	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	How did the bathroom look before?	text	It was clean.	It was messy.	1
taking the underground	0	Are there many people around?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
taking the underground	1	Were they able to get a seat on the train?	commonsense	no	yes most of time	1
taking the underground	2	How long did they wait at the station?	commonsense	10 Minutes	Thirty minutes.	0
taking the underground	3	Why did they ride the underground?	text	get airplane	speaker's favorite way	1
answering the phone	0	Did they know the person calling?	text	Yes, their girlfriend	no it was a stranger	0
answering the phone	1	What did they say when they picked up their phone?	text	Hola	Hello	1
answering the phone	2	When did they hang up the phone?	commonsense	before they started talking	After the call	1
answering the phone	3	Did they have a good conversation?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
answering the phone	4	What was the call about?	text	Babies and food	sleep	0
answering the phone	5	Who was calling?	text	Their girlfriend	boyfriend	0
fueling a car	0	Did they get out of the car before they put fuel in it?	commonsense	no	yes	1
fueling a car	1	Did they buy anything else besides fuel?	text	yes	no	1
fueling a car	2	Who fueled the car?	text	the gas station attendant	The narrator.	1
fueling a car	3	How long did it take them to fuel the car?	text	A few minutes.	30 minutes	0
fueling a car	4	Where did they get fuel?	text	The fuel store.	Gas station.	1
fueling a car	5	What type of liquid measurement was the fuel sold in?	commonsense	pints	gallons	1
fueling a car	6	When did they close the gas cap?	text	After shutting the little door.	When they were all done pumping gas	1
fueling a car	7	Did they fill the car up completely?	text	no	yes	1
visiting the beach	0	have they been to the beach before?	commonsense	yes	no	0
visiting the beach	1	Did they have sunscreen with them?	text	yes	No.	0
visiting the beach	2	Why did they put on sunscreen?	commonsense	so they would get a sunburn	so they wouldn't get a sunburn	1
visiting the beach	3	Was it indoors or outdoors?	text	The beach is outdoors	The beach is indoors	0
visiting the beach	4	Was the beach crowded?	commonsense	No, there was no one else at the beach	Yes because they had to search to find a spot to sit	1
visiting the beach	5	How did they keep lunch cold?	commonsense	probably had a cooler	a fridge	0
cleaning the floor	0	Were they cleaning a floor at work or at home?	text	Home	Work.	0
cleaning the floor	1	Were there a lot of things in the way that had to be cleared off first?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
cleaning the floor	2	Who cleaned the floor?	text	a friend	the person living there	1
cleaning the floor	3	In what room did the floor need cleaning?	text	Laundry room	Kitchen.	1
cleaning the floor	4	Did they have to sweep before they mopped?	text	yes	No.	0
cleaning the floor	5	What kind of cleaner did they use?	commonsense	floor cleaner	Floor polish	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	Why do they need medicine?	text	A cat bite.	had the flu	0
giving a medicine to someone	1	Why did they give them medicine?	text	To clear up an infection	he wanted it	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	How many times a day do they take the medicine?	text	2 times a day.	Once a day.	0
giving a medicine to someone	3	What kind of medicine was it?	text	Antibiotic	pain medicine	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	Was somebody trying to help?	text	No	Yes	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Who has to take the medicine?	text	Rory.	The mother.	0
cleaning up a flat	0	Did they sweep and vacuum?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning up a flat	1	How long did it take to clean everything up?	text	All weekend	The morning	1
cleaning up a flat	2	Why did they vacuum the carpet?	commonsense	To pick up dust and dirt	They wanted to.	0
cleaning up a flat	3	What cleaning tools did they use?	text	Just a vacuum	Cloths, sprays and a vacuum	1
cleaning up a flat	4	How many people ended up helping to clean the flat?	text	4	2	0
cleaning up a flat	5	Who was the owner of the flat?	commonsense	The story teller's parents	It didn't say	0
cleaning up a flat	6	How long did it take to clean the house?	text	The morning	All day	0
cleaning up a flat	7	Who cleaned the flat?	text	Dad	Everyone in the family	1
cleaning up a flat	8	How long did it take to clean the flat?	text	A morning	A very long time	0
cleaning up a flat	9	Did they enjoy cleaning?	text	Yes	No	0
cleaning up a flat	10	How did they feel when the flat was clean?	commonsense	Angry and confused	Happy and accomplished	1
borrowing a book from the library	0	Did they look at any books they didn't borrow?	text	No, they knew what book they wanted.	Yes they scanned the shelves.	1
giving a medicine to someone	0	Will the medicine make them feel better?	text	no, it did not work	yes the sister felt a little better	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	Was somebody sick?	text	yes, the sister	no	0
giving a medicine to someone	2	Why do they have to take the medicine?	text	She was throwing up	for coughing and sneezing	1
giving a medicine to someone	3	When did they drink it?	text	when the mom came home	when the sister handed it to her	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	How did they take the medicine?	text	By injection	Orally	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Why do they need medicine?	text	So she could go to sleep	for coughing, sneezing and turning red	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	What kind of medicine was it?	text	medicine for coughing and sneezing	It was blue syrup	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Who was giving someone medicine?	text	their mom	Narrator	1
walking a dog	0	Why are they walking the dog?	text	the dog was barking	For exercise	1
walking a dog	1	How did they get ready to walk the dog?	text	they put on a hat and slippers	They got their shoes, umbrella, rain coat and leash.	1
walking a dog	2	At what location did they walk the dog?	text	In the city	Outside dog park	1
walking a dog	3	How did they put the leash on the dog?	commonsense	tied it in a bow	They secured it to the dog's neck.	1
taking a bath	0	Was it a hot bath?	text	no	yes	1
taking a bath	1	Did they wash their face?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a bath	2	How did the bath feel?	text	Cold and uncomfortable	Relaxing and hot	1
taking a bath	3	Did they use bubble bath?	text	no	yes	1
taking a bath	4	Did they enjoy the bath?	text	no	yes	1
taking a bath	5	Did the person in the bath need someone else to clean them?	text	no	Yes, they are disabled	0
taking a bath	6	Are they happy at bath time?	text	no	yes	1
vacuuming the carpet	0	Who helped them to vacuum?	text	Their son helped them vacuum.	No one.	1
vacuuming the carpet	1	Who vacuumed the carpet?	text	the narrator	The vacuum salesperson.	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	Did they seem happy when they were vacuuming?	commonsense	she seems to like it	They was frustrated.	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Do you have to be strong to use the vacuum?	commonsense	strong enough to push it	Yes you have to be strong.	0
vacuuming the carpet	4	Why did they pick that vacuum cleaner?	text	it was on sale	it's supposed to help keep the carpet looking new	1
vacuuming the carpet	5	How often do they need to vacuum?	text	every weekend	every day	0
vacuuming the carpet	6	Why did they vacuum the carpet?	text	It smelled bad	It was newly purchased	1
painting a wall	0	How many people did it take to do the painting?	text	It took 2 people to paint the wall.	One person did all the work.	0
painting a wall	1	How many people painted the wall?	text	2 people painted the wall.	One person did all the work.	0
painting a wall	2	How did they prepare the room?	text	by not taping it	They used tape.	1
painting a wall	3	How long did it take for the paint to dry?	commonsense	a day	ten minutes	0
painting a wall	4	Did anyone help him?	text	no	Yes, his wife helped him.	1
painting a wall	5	Was there something the paint was poured into?	commonsense	paint can	paint tray	1
painting a wall	6	Did they use a paint brush or roller?	text	both	Paint Brush	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	What did they order?	text	They ordered salads.	bacon burger, fries and shakes	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where did they drive the car to?	text	a hamburger stand on the side of the road	a nice restaurant	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Why did that person eat at that fast food restaurant?	commonsense	They couldn't think of anywhere else to eat	It was inexpensive.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	When did they place an order?	commonsense	Before entering the stand.	after looking at the menu	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	Why did they choose this restaurant?	commonsense	it was recommended by a person in the car	convenient and cheap	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Where did they sit in the restaurant?	text	At a table inside	At the bar	0
renting a movie	0	where did they rent it from?	text	From Blockbuster.	From Redbox.	1
renting a movie	1	Did they enjoy the movie?	commonsense	Yes, they watched it twice	No they did not enjoy it.	0
renting a movie	2	Was it a family movie?	commonsense	No it was not.	Yes it was.	1
renting a movie	3	How long did they rent a movie for?	text	Two days	overnight	1
renting a movie	4	How many people rented the movie?	text	Two people (the speaker and their partner)	One person (the speaker)	1
renting a movie	5	How did they pay for the movie?	text	They paid with cash.	They paid with a debit card.	1
renting a movie	6	How long did they borrow the movie?	text	overnight	Two days	0
mailing a letter	0	Where is the letter going?	text	Venezuela	Mexico	0
mailing a letter	1	When did they write the letter?	text	yesterday	two weeks ago	0
mailing a letter	2	Where were they when they put the letter into the envelope?	text	Out in the backyard.	At their desk.	1
mailing a letter	3	What did they do just before mailing the letter?	text	Write the friend's address.	Take it to the mailbox.	1
mailing a letter	4	What did they use to seal the envelope?	text	Glue	spit	1
mailing a letter	5	Who mailed the letter?	text	they did	Mother of the friend.	0
paying bills	0	When are they paying the bills?	text	monthly	After they are late	0
paying bills	1	What are the bills for?	commonsense	Things someone else bought.	The usual, rent, water, electrical, etc.	1
paying bills	2	Did they have to log in to their account?	text	Yes to see some bills.	No because all the bills were in the mail.	0
paying bills	3	What will happen if they don't pay them?	text	he will get fines	they will have to pay double next month	0
paying bills	4	Did they have to call customer support?	text	Yes, they needed help	No	1
paying bills	5	Did they have enough money to pay their bills?	text	Yes	No, not enough to pay.	0
paying bills	6	Who paid the bills?	text	Their mother	the narrator	1
feeding an infant	0	What was the name of the infant?	text	Dad	Frankie	1
feeding an infant	1	When did they go to feed the infant?	text	Night.	When breakfast was ready.	1
feeding an infant	2	how many people take care of the infant?	commonsense	7	two.	1
feeding an infant	3	What are they feeding the baby?	text	milk	oatmeal and bananas	1
feeding an infant	4	Whose infant was it?	commonsense	Mom and dads	Frankie	0
feeding an infant	5	Whose baby are they feeding?	text	Their aunts.	Theirs.	1
feeding an infant	6	Who fed the infant?	text	The father	Dad	0
cooking pasta	0	How long did it take for the water to boil?	commonsense	1 hour	A little while	1
cooking pasta	1	Who cooked the pasta?	text	The person telling the story.	the narrator's mother	0
cooking pasta	2	How long did it take for the pasta to cook?	text	It took two and a half hours.	It took ten minutes.	1
cooking pasta	3	How long did they boil the pasta?	text	10 mins	an hour	0
cooking pasta	4	Did someone eat the pasta they cooked?	text	Yes, the whole family ate together.	No, they threw the pasta out.	0
cooking pasta	5	How many people did they serve the pasta to?	text	Four people.	Two	0
cooking pasta	6	When did they eat the pasta?	text	They ate it for breakfast.	After adding other ingredients	1
cooking pasta	7	have they made pasta before?	commonsense	No	yes, it seemed so	1
renting a movie	0	Did they rent the movie for Friday movie night?	text	No. It was Saturday	Yes	0
renting a movie	1	Why did they decide to rent a movie?	text	They were tired and needed to relax	the TV was broken	0
renting a movie	2	How did they choose which movie to rent?	text	found it on the ground	With Redbox	1
renting a movie	3	Where were they when they rented the movie?	text	At home	at a Redbox	1
renting a movie	4	Will they watch it at home?	text	no in hotel	yes	1
renting a movie	5	How long did they rent a movie for?	text	a week	Overnight	1
renting a movie	6	Who picked the movie?	text	They both did	Her boyfriend	0
renting a movie	7	why did they choose the movie	text	Because it had good reviews.	Because she had seen it before and liked it.	1
renting a movie	8	Where was the movie watched?	text	home	Hotel	0
cleaning the table	0	Who cleaned the table?	text	the narrator	Steve	0
cleaning the table	1	What is on the table?	text	Newspaper is on the table.	paper towel	0
cleaning the table	2	Was anyone sitting at the table while they were cleaning it?	commonsense	yes	No	1
cleaning the table	3	How did they clean the table?	text	They removed the newspaper, swept off the crumbs into their hands, and finally used Windex to wipe it down.	By hosing it down with water.	0
cleaning the table	4	How dirty was the table?	text	The table was very clean.	Really messy.	1
cleaning the table	5	Did the clean the table before or after dinner?	text	They cleaned the table after dinner.	They cleaned the table before dinner.	0
cleaning the table	6	Why did they clean the table?	text	The crabs left a mess after eating them	There was Windex on it.	0
cleaning the table	7	When did they clean the table?	text	after they ate.	the next day.	0
cleaning the table	8	Were they mad that they had to clean the table?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
going to the dentist	0	Why did they need to go to the dentist?	text	annual check up	they didn't get to the dentist	0
going to the dentist	1	What did the dentist do to their teeth?	text	nothing	drilled cavity	1
going to the dentist	2	Who is going to the dentist?	text	The narrator	Their child.	0
going to the dentist	3	How did the dentist treat their problem?	text	treated with fluoride	drilled hole and filled	1
going to the dentist	4	Why did they go to the dentist?	text	A checkup	because they had a cavity	0
mowing the lawn	0	What did it smell like after mowing the lawn?	commonsense	Like strawberries	Like fresh cut grass	1
mowing the lawn	1	Who mowed the grass?	text	dad	The narrator.	1
mowing the lawn	2	How long did it take to get the lawn mower started?	commonsense	Assuming a few minutes.	Hours.	0
mowing the lawn	3	What kind of mower was there?	text	Gas powered	riding lawn mower	0
mowing the lawn	4	Why were they mowing the lawn?	text	it was Saturday	parents asked them to	1
mowing the lawn	5	Why did they mow the grass?	text	parents asked them to	it was Saturday	0
mowing the lawn	6	Was the mower loud?	commonsense	yes	no	0
making a hot dog	0	How did the hot dog taste?	commonsense	They tasted extremely burnt	Delicious	1
making a hot dog	1	Was the hot dog cooked on a grill or something else?	text	Yes, the hot dogs were cooked on a grill	No, they were cooked in a bonfire	0
making a hot dog	2	How long did it take to make the hot dog?	commonsense	a few minutes	half an hour	0
making a hot dog	3	What are they using to retrieve the hot dogs?	commonsense	Spatula	Tongs	1
making a hot dog	4	How did they cook the hot dog?	text	in the oven	on a grill	1
fueling a car	0	How much did the fuel cost?	text	35.20	$32.50	1
fueling a car	1	Why did they clean the windshield while fueling?	commonsense	They were killing time while filling up their tank	to see better while driving	1
fueling a car	2	Did they pay at the pump or inside the store?	text	Inside the store	Pay outside at the pump	0
fueling a car	3	How long did it take to fill the car?	text	20 minutes	about 3 minutes	1
fueling a car	4	Why did they need more fuel?	text	They were running low	They wanted enough gas for a long drive	0
fueling a car	5	What did the fuel smell like?	commonsense	gasoline smell	it didn't smell	0
fueling a car	6	Did they buy anything else besides fuel?	text	snacks	No	0
fueling a car	7	Was the gas station close by?	text	it was about 25 minutes away from home (the gas light went off after 20 min and the drive to the station was an additional 5 min)	No	0
washing dishes	0	Where did they wash the dishes?	text	tub	the kitchen sink	1
washing dishes	1	What tools are they using to wash the dishes?	text	soap and a sponge	a washcloth	0
washing dishes	2	where do they wash dishes	text	in the sink	in a basin	0
washing dishes	3	What kind of soap did they use?	text	laundry soap	liquid dish soap	1
washing dishes	4	Where did they put the dishes after they were dry?	text	kitchen cupboards	away in the sink	0
washing dishes	5	Why did they have to do the dishes?	commonsense	dishes were clean	An offer	1
washing dishes	6	Why did they use a scrubber?	text	they did not have a washcloth available	to clean the dishes	1
washing dishes	7	why do they use soap	commonsense	to dirty the dishes	to get the dishes clean	1
washing dishes	8	how did they dry the dishes afterwards?	text	with a towel	air dry overnight	1
fueling a car	0	When did they close the gas cap?	commonsense	after it was filled	When he got home	0
fueling a car	1	Where did they fuel the car?	commonsense	side of the rode	At the gas station	0
fueling a car	2	Why did they put fuel in the car?	text	He was about to run out of gas	It was empty	1
fueling a car	3	When did they realize that the car needed gas?	commonsense	when he got home	too late	1
fueling a car	4	Where did they get fuel?	text	At a gas station	restaurant	0
fueling a car	5	Did they fill the gas tank all the way?	text	No	Yes, a full tank worth of gasoline.	1
making a hot dog	0	What time of day did they make the hot dog?	text	Night time.	Morning time.	0
making a hot dog	1	Where are they making the hot dog?	text	KITCHEN	At the beach.	0
making a hot dog	2	What did they put on the hot dog?	text	just ketchup	chili, mustard and ketchup	1
making a hot dog	3	What are they putting on the hot dog?	text	chili, mustard and ketchup	meat with onion	0
making a hot dog	4	Where did they make the hot dog?	text	At the night club.	KITCHEN	1
making a hot dog	5	How are they making the hot dog?	text	home prepared	order form outside	0
cleaning up a flat	0	Why were they cleaning?	commonsense	To maintain cleanliness	Company was coming over.	0
cleaning up a flat	1	How did the flat look when they were done cleaning?	commonsense	It looked dirty	The flat looked clean.	1
cleaning up a flat	2	What tools did the cleaner use?	text	they did not have tools	Vacuum, toilet brush, t shirt, sponge, paper towel.	1
cleaning up a flat	3	Who did the cleaning?	text	A friend.	The owner of the flat.	1
cleaning up a flat	4	Did they clean the windows also?	text	No.	Yes they did.	0
cleaning up a flat	5	How many people were cleaning?	text	three or four	One person.	1
going on a date	0	Is it a lunch or dinner date?	text	Dinner	Lunch	0
going on a date	1	Who are they going on a date with?	text	Sabrina	no name listed	0
going on a date	2	Did it include a movie or dinner?	text	Yes, both	Yes, a movie but not dinner	0
going on a date	3	Did they have to pay money to go on the date?	text	Yes they paid for everything	No, Sabrina paid for all the activities	0
going on a date	4	Did they have fun on the date?	commonsense	No.	Yes, as he enjoyed it and she agreed to go on another	1
going on a date	5	Was the date a casual date or a serious date?	commonsense	They are just friends	It was a serious first date	1
going on a date	6	Who asked who to go on a date?	text	Narrator asked Sabrina.	She asked him.	0
going on a date	7	Did they kiss at the end of the date?	text	No, they hugged	Yes, they kissed in the car.	0
going on a date	8	Who went on the date?	text	Sabrina and the boy	Their parents.	0
checking in at an airport	0	Did they check in any baggage?	text	no	yes	1
checking in at an airport	1	Where were they flying to?	text	North Carolina	South Carolina	0
checking in at an airport	2	Why did they arrive to the airport early?	text	They were not early, they were late.	To have enough time to wait in line	1
checking in at an airport	3	Why do they have to check in?	commonsense	To board their flight	They had to check in because they were going overseas.	0
making a bed	0	Why did they make the bed?	text	They didn't like having a messy room.	Chore.	1
making a bed	1	How good of a job did they do of making the bed?	commonsense	They did a bad job by leaving it messy and not neat.	Great job.	1
making a bed	2	Who made the bed?	text	their dad	the author	1
making a bed	3	Did they sleep in it?	text	No, it was a new bed.	Yes, because they had to make it.	1
making a bed	4	How long did it take them to make the bed?	commonsense	Hours	Few minutes.	1
making a bed	5	Do the sheets need to be washed?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making a bed	6	Was there a blanket or just sheets?	text	they had both	Just sheets, there was no blanket.	0
making a bed	7	Did they make the bed nicely?	text	Yes, they made sure it was nice and neat.	No, they were in a hurry and left it messy.	0
changing a baby diaper	0	Who changed the baby's diaper?	text	the babysitter	the parent	1
changing a baby diaper	1	What was the baby wearing?	text	A dress	Pajamas and a diaper.	1
changing a baby diaper	2	How was the baby cleaned up?	text	With a towel	with baby wipes	1
changing a baby diaper	3	What kind of table was the baby on?	text	Changing table.	A dining table	0
changing a baby diaper	4	Does the baby need new clothes too?	commonsense	Yes because they were soiled	No, the poo was contained in the diaper.	1
feeding a cat	0	Does the cat sometimes leave excess food ?	commonsense	No, the cat eats the entire can at once	Yes, because she initially looked in the fridge for the left over food but there was none left	1
feeding a cat	1	how did the cat react?	commonsense	Very excited and eager	the cat went to the bathroom	0
feeding a cat	2	Were does the cat eat?	text	Owner's bedroom	floor	1
feeding a cat	3	How did they feed it?	text	They opened a can of cat food and put some in a dish for the cat	put it in a hot dog bun	0
feeding a cat	4	Who purchased the cat food?	commonsense	The cat's owner	The vet	0
feeding a cat	5	does the cat eat dry or wet food?	text	This time it ate wet food	dry food	0
feeding a cat	6	Who fed the cat?	text	Cat owner's sister	Cat's owner	1
feeding a cat	7	How long did it take to prepare the food?	commonsense	20 minutes	A few minutes	1
feeding a cat	8	does the cat eat whenever it wants?	commonsense	no-humans have to feed it	Yes, it eats left over people food	0
laying flooring in a room	0	did they do a good job laying the flooring?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
laying flooring in a room	1	Did they have trouble putting it in?	commonsense	no, it is easy	yes, it is difficult	0
laying flooring in a room	2	What material was the flooring?	text	it didn't say	Wood	1
laying flooring in a room	3	Why is the floor torn up?	text	To save the wood.	because of rotten wood	1
laying flooring in a room	4	who lays down the flooring?	text	some men	Dan	1
laying flooring in a room	5	why did they lay the flooring?	text	it's their job	it's their hobby	0
going on a date	0	When day was the date on?	text	Sunday	Friday	1
going on a date	1	Was everyone happy at the end of the date?	text	yes	no	0
going on a date	2	Where did the date take place?	text	Vivian's Italian Restaurant	At Vince's Italian Restaurant	1
going on a date	3	Where did they go?	text	Victor's Italian Restaurant	Vince's Italian Restaurant	1
going on a date	4	Who did they go with?	text	they went alone	with another couple	0
working in the garden	0	Were they working alone?	text	Yes	No	0
working in the garden	1	What tools did they use in the garden?	text	A rake, water hose and clippers	gloves, shovel, watering can	1
working in the garden	2	Why did they decide to plant the garden?	commonsense	They needed to grow food.	they like to be outside	1
working in the garden	3	Who was doing the work?	text	their mom	The narrator	1
working in the garden	4	How many people were working in the garden?	text	1	5	0
working in the garden	5	Why didn't they use fertilizer?	text	It was too expensive	They did use fertilizer when they planted the basil seeds.	1
working in the garden	6	Where were they working?	text	garage	In their garden	1
working in the garden	7	What kinds of tools were they using?	text	a bag of soil, fertilizer, and seeds	gardening gloves, a shovel, a watering can	1
working in the garden	8	Did anyone else work in the garden?	text	Yes	No	1
working in the garden	9	Will they work in the garden again?	commonsense	No, they were going to take the garden out today.	Yes, they have tools and a garden already growing.	1
working in the garden	10	What were they doing?	text	Cleaning out the garage and cutting flowers from the garden.	gardening	1
working in the garden	11	Who worked in the garden?	text	their neighbor	narrator	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	What tools did they use to clean the bathroom?	text	A mop and a towel.	Suggested tools were sponge, toilet brush, broom and a variety of cleaning products	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	What did they use to wipe down the sink?	text	sponge	Paper towel.	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	How many people did it take to clean the bathroom?	commonsense	More than three.	One	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	How was the bathroom cleaned?	text	with just water	With cleaners and a sponge.	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	How did the bathroom look after?	commonsense	Clean	Still dirty	0
cleaning the bathroom	6	Did they use more than one type of cleaner?	text	No.	yes	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	0	What kind of clock was it?	text	A grandfather clock.	Alarm clock	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	1	Where did they get the new batteries?	text	Kitchen drawer	The nightstand	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	2	Why did the batteries need changing?	text	They were old	The batteries died	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	3	Who changed the batteries?	text	A neighbor	The narrator	1
changing batteries in an alarm clock	4	Why didn't they just buy a new alarm clock?	commonsense	It's cheaper to replace the batteries	They were broke	0
changing batteries in an alarm clock	5	Who helped to change the batteries?	text	Nobody	Parent	0
getting a haircut	0	What did the hairdresser use to cut their hair?	text	Comb and scissors	Electric clippers	0
getting a haircut	1	Why did they get their hair cut?	commonsense	Hair was getting long	They were forced to.	0
getting a haircut	2	How many pairs of scissors did the barber use?	commonsense	Two	1	1
getting a haircut	3	Who cut their hair?	text	The man that worked at Supercuts.	The girl that worked at Supercuts.	1
getting a haircut	4	How busy was the barber's?	commonsense	Not at all busy.	Very busy.	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Did they enjoy the juice?	text	no, they didn't taste it	Yes very much	1
making fresh orange juice	1	Where did they put the rest of the juice?	text	Cupboard	In a pitcher in the fridge	1
making fresh orange juice	2	What tools were involved in the process?	text	an orange picker	a bag, a peeler or knife,  and a juicer	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Were they using up old oranges?	text	No they were freshly picked from the tree	Yes they had too many left in the fruit bowl	0
making fresh orange juice	4	Where did they make the juice?	text	home	In the back yard	0
making fresh orange juice	5	Who was making the juice?	text	The person telling the story	The parents of the storyteller	0
making fresh orange juice	6	How many oranges did they use?	text	10 pounds worth	about 10	1
making fresh orange juice	7	What did they do to make the juice?	text	picked and peeled oranges then put through juicer	heated them in the oven	0
making fresh orange juice	8	Where did they get the oranges from?	text	From the grocery store	their orange tree	1
making fresh orange juice	9	How did they get the seeds out of the juice?	commonsense	Juicer machine does this	They picked them out with a spoon	0
making fresh orange juice	10	Why did they want to make orange juice?	commonsense	they hate it	To drink it	1
making fresh orange juice	11	Did they eat anything with the orange juice?	text	yes	no	1
making toasted bread	0	why do they toast bread?	commonsense	They like the taste	So it won't go moldy	0
making toasted bread	1	Why did they take out a jar of jelly?	text	To defrost it	To spread on the bread	1
making toasted bread	2	Did they use a toaster or toaster oven or another means?	text	toaster oven	toaster as it popped out	1
making toasted bread	3	Can everyone make toast?	commonsense	no	yes	1
making toasted bread	4	How long do they have to wait for it to toast?	text	a few seconds	a few minutes	1
making toasted bread	5	Did they eat anything else with the bread?	text	butter and strawberry jam	butter and peanuts butter	0
making toasted bread	6	Did they eat the toast?	text	no	yes	1
making toasted bread	7	What kind of bread was used?	text	wheat	white bread	0
making toasted bread	8	What time of day did they make the toast?	text	morning	afternoon	0
making toasted bread	9	how do they toast bread?	text	in the oven	in the toaster	1
fueling a car	0	Where did they fuel the car?	text	At a gas station, by the pumps.	They parked on the side of the road and used some spare gas they had in the trunk.	0
fueling a car	1	What kind of fuel did their car need?	text	regular unleaded	Premium gas	0
fueling a car	2	Did they go to a petrol station to fuel the car?	text	no	yes	1
fueling a car	3	Did they pay at the pump or inside the store?	text	They paid at the pump.	inside the store	0
fueling a car	4	Did they pay with cash or a card?	text	They paid with some cash.	They paid with their credit card.	1
fueling a car	5	How did they pay for the fuel?	text	by cash	They used their credit card.	1
fueling a car	6	Did they buy anything else at the gas station?	text	yes	no	1
fueling a car	7	Did they get out of the car before they put fuel in it?	text	No, they had their gas pumped for them.	Yes, they got out of the car first.	1
visiting relatives	0	Do they want o come back again?	text	yes	no	0
visiting relatives	1	Who were they visiting?	text	their parents	their cousin	0
visiting relatives	2	What type of place were they at?	text	their parents house	the mall	0
visiting relatives	3	How many people are going?	text	Two.	five	0
visiting relatives	4	What day did they the visit?	text	Father's Day	Mother's Day	1
visiting relatives	5	Did they check out the city while they were there?	commonsense	no	yes	0
changing a light bulb	0	Did they have extra light bulbs just in case?	text	No	Yes	0
changing a light bulb	1	Is it hard to change a light bulb?	commonsense	Not difficult	Yes	0
changing a light bulb	2	Did they enjoy changing the light bulb?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
changing a light bulb	3	Was it dark in the room?	commonsense	yes	no	0
changing a light bulb	4	How long did it take to change the light bulb?	commonsense	About an hour	About a minute	1
changing a light bulb	5	When did the burned out light bulb get replaced?	text	After work	In the morning	0
changing a light bulb	6	Why did the light bulb need to be changed?	text	it was old.	Worn	1
changing a light bulb	7	Which room needed the new light bulb?	text	The bathroom	bedroom	0
changing a light bulb	8	Who helped change the light bulb?	text	a hardware store owner	Nobody helped	1
changing a light bulb	9	Who changed the light bulb?	text	A visitor.	The narrator	1
changing a light bulb	10	How long did it take for them to notice that the light bulb needed to be replaced?	text	About a week	Immediately	1
changing a light bulb	11	What time was it when they changed the light bulb?	commonsense	Morning	Afternoon	1
changing a light bulb	12	When did they start screwing in the light bulb?	text	After comparing the two bulbs.	The next day	0
changing a baby diaper	0	When were they finished changing the diaper?	text	After putting on the new diaper.	when they redressed the baby	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Where did they change the diaper?	text	On the floor	At the changing station	1
changing a baby diaper	2	Why did the diaper need changing?	text	Because the child colored on it with a marker.	Because it was wet and/or poopy	1
changing a baby diaper	3	how long did it take to change the diaper?	commonsense	Not long	1/2 hour	0
changing a baby diaper	4	Did they use disposable or cloth diapers?	text	Cloth	Disposable	1
changing a baby diaper	5	How did they make sure the diaper stayed on?	text	Velcro straps	Duct Tape	0
changing a baby diaper	6	What did they do with the soiled diaper?	text	Threw it away	kept it for later	0
boiling milk	0	How long did it take for the milk to start boiling?	commonsense	a very long time	a few minutes	1
boiling milk	1	How long will the milk take to cool after boiling?	text	Two to three minutes	One to two minutes	1
boiling milk	2	Why did milk need to be boiled?	text	To make a cream skin on top.	It's raw or needed for a recipe	1
boiling milk	3	How did they boil the milk?	text	they put it on medium heat	They put it in the microwave	0
boiling milk	4	What can you make with the boiled milk?	text	Cereal	Mashed potatoes	1
boiling milk	5	Was the milk covered with a lid?	commonsense	yes it was covered	no directions to cover pan	1
visiting a museum	0	How long did they stay at the museum?	commonsense	just a couple of minutes	Until they saw everything.	1
visiting a museum	1	Which museum did they go to?	text	the science museum	the Holocaust museum	1
visiting a museum	2	What city was the museum in?	text	Washington DC.	New York City	0
visiting a museum	3	Was it very quiet in the museum?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
visiting a museum	4	Who gave them a tour of the museum?	commonsense	their father	No one.	1
visiting a museum	5	What type of museum was it?	text	a historical one	the art museum	0
visiting a museum	6	Who went to the museum?	text	Storyteller and brother.	two friends	0
visiting a museum	7	Was their a tour guide?	commonsense	yes	No guide.	1
going to the theater	0	Why did they choose that movie?	text	they both wanted to see it	they didn't want to see it	0
going to the theater	1	What kind of show did they see?	text	Play	Disney movie	1
going to the theater	2	Where did they sit for the movie?	text	In their reserved seats.	Wherever they wanted.	0
going to the theater	3	How did they get to the theater?	text	drove	by train	0
going to the theater	4	Did they stay until the very end?	commonsense	No, they had an important phone call.	Yes	1
going to the theater	5	Did they like the movie?	text	Yes, they had a lot of laughs.	No, it was boring.	0
going to the theater	6	Why did they have to be quiet during the movie?	commonsense	to not disturb the other people	so a fight wouldn't start	0
going to the theater	0	Did they get any snacks?	text	no	yes popcorn	1
going to the theater	1	How many people were in their group?	text	5	three	1
going to the theater	2	Why did they go to the theatre?	text	to watch a play	to see a film	1
making breakfast	0	How did they cook the eggs in the story?	text	by skillet	In the oven.	0
making breakfast	1	Why did they put butter on the pan?	commonsense	To cook the bacon.	To keep the egg from sticking.	1
making breakfast	2	Who prepared the food?	text	the author	The storyteller's Mother.	0
making breakfast	3	What did the cook cook first?	text	The egg.	they toasted the English muffin	1
making breakfast	4	Why did they eat the particular items they ate?	text	he decided	There was no other food	0
making breakfast	5	What did they make for breakfast?	text	An egg sandwich.	Cereal	0
making breakfast	6	Which room did they cook in?	commonsense	The kitchen.	Bathroom	0
ordering a pizza	0	How did the pizza delivery person get paid?	commonsense	The person receiving the pizza paid for it when it was delivered	The pizza was paid for online	0
ordering a pizza	1	How long was the wait for the pizza?	text	About an hour	30 minutes.	1
ordering a pizza	2	When did they order the pizza?	text	After he got home from a Red Sox game.	Before they left for the game	0
ordering a pizza	3	Where did they order the pizza from?	text	A restaurant called Same Old Place	A restaurant called Some Old Plates	0
ordering a pizza	4	How much pizza did they order?	text	They ordered a small pizza	One large pizza.	1
ordering a pizza	5	Were they hungrier than usual?	text	No they were full.	yes	1
ordering a pizza	6	How many people ate the pizza?	text	Just the one person.	Two	0
ordering a pizza	7	Did they order anything else?	text	No.	Yes	0
sewing a button	0	What did they sew the button onto?	text	a shirt	pants	0
sewing a button	1	Was the shirt missing the button?	text	yes	No.	0
sewing a button	2	Was it easy or difficult to sew the button?	commonsense	easy	difficult	0
sewing a button	3	is it the same button or a different one	text	Same one sewn back on	different one	1
sewing a button	4	how long did it take	commonsense	two hours	mere minutes	1
sewing a button	5	Was this the first time they had sewn on a button?	commonsense	no	yes	0
sewing a button	6	Why were they replacing the button?	text	the original was lost	It had broken in half.	0
sewing a button	7	Were they sewing the button for themselves?	text	yes	no	0
sewing a button	8	What color was the button?	text	Red.	black	1
cleaning up toys	0	What did they use to clean up the toys?	text	boxes	A big sack	0
cleaning up toys	1	Was the person who picked up the toys the same person who left them out?	text	yes	no	0
cleaning up toys	2	Where were the toys at?	text	on the floor	In the yard	0
cleaning up toys	3	Who's toys were they?	text	theirs	My sister's toys	0
making a flight reservation	0	How did they pay for the flight?	text	With cash in the travel shop	Online with a credit card	1
making a flight reservation	1	Where are they flying to?	text	Hawaii	Mexico	0
making a flight reservation	2	Will it be cold where they are flying to?	commonsense	no	yes	0
making a flight reservation	3	Who else was flying?	text	no one	their friend	1
making a flight reservation	4	Are they flying alone or with someone else?	text	alone	with someone else	1
making a flight reservation	5	How did they pay for their reservation?	text	online with a credit card	with cash in person	0
making a flight reservation	6	What documents were needed to make the reservation?	commonsense	a passport or id	Nothing	0
making a flight reservation	7	Did they need a travel agent?	text	Yes	No they did it alone	1
making a flight reservation	8	Why was the reservation made?	text	for work	So they could be on the flight they wanted to be on	1
cleaning up a flat	0	How many people were cleaning?	text	Two people were cleaning.	One	1
cleaning up a flat	1	When did they start cleaning up the flat?	text	In the evening.	In the morning.	1
cleaning up a flat	2	Did they clean up in the morning?	text	Yes they did.	no at night	0
cleaning up a flat	3	Why were they cleaning?	text	The flat was too messy	It was Saturday	1
getting the newspaper	0	Do they get it delivered to their house?	text	Yes a guy throws this on their lawn	No	0
getting the newspaper	1	When did they read it?	text	Sunday morning	Friday night	0
getting the newspaper	2	Where was the newspaper located?	text	on the porch	Usually right in the yard, near the front porch.	1
getting the newspaper	3	Who got the newspaper?	text	the dog	the narrator	1
getting the newspaper	4	Why do they want to read the newspaper?	commonsense	To see what's happening in the world	they don't read it	0
getting the newspaper	5	Why did they get the paper?	commonsense	To read it.	they didn't get the paper	0
sewing a button	0	Was anyone else there?	commonsense	no	yes	0
sewing a button	1	is it the same button or a different one	text	Same button	Different button	0
sewing a button	2	Why did the button come off of the shirt?	commonsense	Thread is worn.	it was sewed on tightly	0
sewing a button	3	What tool did they use?	text	scissors, needle, thread	Sewing machine	0
sewing a button	4	When did the button fall off?	text	in the washer	in the dryer	1
sewing a button	5	Didn't the shirt look so nice with all of it's buttons back on?	commonsense	yes	no	0
putting up a painting	0	how long did it take to put up?	commonsense	a few minutes	hours	0
putting up a painting	1	Do they like the painting?	text	yes they think its beautiful	no they think its tacky	0
putting up a painting	2	who put the painting up?	text	the narrator.	it didn't say.	0
putting up a painting	3	Did they hang it straight?	text	no they decided to put it at an angle	yes	1
putting up a painting	4	Where did they put the painting?	text	the living room	the dining room	0
checking in at an airport	0	Did they check a bag?	text	Yes they checked a bag.	No they didn't check a bag.	0
checking in at an airport	1	Are they excited to ride on the plane?	text	not at all	very	1
checking in at an airport	2	Were there any bags to check?	text	No there weren't.	Yes there were.	1
checking in at an airport	3	Where are they flying to?	text	Boston	Florida.	1
checking in at an airport	4	How much luggage did they have?	text	They had one bag.	Three bags.	0
checking in at an airport	5	How long was their flight?	commonsense	Many hours.	A few hours.	1
checking in at an airport	6	How far away was security from the ticket counter?	commonsense	A long way.	Close	1
checking in at an airport	7	How long will the process take?	commonsense	1 hour	A long time.	0
planting a tree	0	Did anyone help them plant the tree?	text	no	The police helped them plant the tree.	0
planting a tree	1	Why did they plant a tree?	text	They wanted one	It was good for the environment	0
planting a tree	2	Why are trees important?	commonsense	They smell good	They produce air	1
planting a tree	3	Will the tree bloom with beautiful colors in the spring?	text	Yes, it will bloom with white flowers	The tree will not bloom.	0
planting a tree	4	Who wanted them to plant the tree?	text	Their neighbor	They did	1
planting a tree	5	What tools are needed to plant a tree?	text	People use a hammer to plant a tree.	A shovel is needed to plant a tree.	1
planting a tree	6	How long did it take to dig the hole?	text	It took some time	It took no time	0
planting a tree	7	Was the tree a sapling or did they move an older tree?	commonsense	Yes it was a sapling.	It was an older tree.	0
sewing a button	0	What time of the day was it?	text	evening	Morning.	1
sewing a button	1	Who sew the button?	text	The Author	The writer's mother	0
sewing a button	2	What kind of button did they use?	text	small button	The same button on the pants	1
sewing a button	3	Why did they need to use white thread to sew the button back on?	commonsense	because it matched the pants	it was their favorite color	0
sewing a button	4	What part of the clothing are they sewing the button on?	text	shirt	Pants.	1
sewing a button	5	When did they start sewing?	text	when he realized that the button had fallen off	In the evening	0
sewing a button	6	Why did they need to find a specific button?	commonsense	So it would hold the pants up	To be trendy.	0
feeding an infant	0	Are they feeding the baby with warm food?	text	refrigerated food	Yes, it was put in the microwave	0
feeding an infant	1	What gender was the infant?	text	boy	girl	0
feeding an infant	2	Is the infant lying down when she is fed?	text	Yes	No he is in the highchair	1
feeding an infant	3	Did the baby have a hard time eating?	text	yes	No.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Did they dance at the ceremony?	text	No one danced	Yes there was dancing	1
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Who got married?	text	the husband's best friend	Her best friend	1
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Who was the ceremony for?	text	Her husband's friend	the speaker's friend	1
going to the dentist	0	What did they get done	text	The were fitted for braces.	Cleaning and check up.	1
going to the dentist	1	Who went to the dentist?	text	A neighbor	the author	1
going to the dentist	2	What did they use to clean their teeth?	commonsense	toothpaste and mouthwash	nothing	0
going to the dentist	3	What time did they get there?	commonsense	Before appointment time	After the appointment time	0
going to the dentist	4	How long did the dentist spend taking care of them?	commonsense	A short time.	A long time.	0
going to the dentist	5	How long did the dentist appointment take?	commonsense	All day.	30 minutes	1
writing a letter	0	Who are they writing to?	text	Best friend	Their grandfather	1
writing a letter	1	Did they mail the letter?	text	yes	no	0
writing a letter	2	What type of letter did they write?	text	a physical letter	an email	0
writing a letter	3	Why did they write the letter?	text	for fun	it is more personal	1
writing a letter	4	What are they writing on?	text	a chalkboard	paper	1
writing a letter	5	Why did they decide to write the letter?	text	To invite him to a wedding	they missed their grandfather	1
writing a letter	0	How did they mail it?	text	Email	Through the post office	1
writing a letter	1	Where did they write the letter?	text	At home.	In the bathroom	0
writing a letter	2	How are they planning on sending the letter?	text	Email	mailing	1
writing a letter	3	Was there a reason to write this letter?	text	Yes	to invite her to his wedding	0
writing a letter	4	Who are they writing to?	text	a pen pal in Egypt	Their girlfriend	0
writing a letter	5	When did they write the letter?	text	Last Friday.	Last Saturday.	1
writing a letter	6	Did they mail the letter?	text	Yes	No.	0
writing a letter	7	What day is it?	text	Saturday	Sunday	0
putting up a painting	0	Do they like the painting?	text	No.	yes, they like it a lot	1
putting up a painting	1	How many people did they need to lift the painting?	text	One.	Two.	0
putting up a painting	2	Why did they put up the painting?	text	To show it off.	To decorate empty space	1
making fresh orange juice	0	Did anyone help them?	text	No they did it alone	Yes they had help	0
making fresh orange juice	1	Who drank the juice?	text	The daughter of the storyteller	narrator	1
making fresh orange juice	2	Did they enjoy it?	text	No it was too tangy	Yes it was delicious	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Where did they drink the orange juice?	text	In the grocery store	at home	1
making fresh orange juice	4	Why did they make the juice?	text	they wanted to drink orange juice	they don't like orange juice at all	0
making fresh orange juice	5	Did they wash the oranges before juicing them?	commonsense	no	yes	0
making fresh orange juice	6	How much juice did they end up with?	text	enough for them	Half a glass full	0
making fresh orange juice	7	Did they grow their own oranges?	text	No they bought them at a store	yes	0
making fresh orange juice	8	How did the orange juice taste?	text	Delicious	terrible	0
making fresh orange juice	9	Who drank the orange juice?	text	the narrator	The neighbor of the storyteller	0
making fresh orange juice	10	Who made the orange juice?	text	narrator	The mother of the storyteller	0
taking a shower	0	Where did they take the shower?	text	in a pool	Home.	1
taking a shower	1	Did they listen to music while showering?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a shower	2	How did they get into the shower?	text	He slid in.	They stepped in.	1
taking a shower	3	Did they wash their hair in the shower?	text	No.	yes after soapy body	1
taking a shower	4	Did they just enjoy standing under the shower head or immediately soap up?	text	immediately soaped up	Stood under water.	0
taking a shower	5	Why did they need a shower?	commonsense	because they were dirty	because they were clean	0
taking a shower	6	Why were they showering?	commonsense	to relax	To be clean.	1
sewing a button	0	What did they use to sew the button on?	text	a needle and thread.	a sewing machine	0
sewing a button	1	How long will it take to put a button on?	commonsense	A few minutes.	A couple of hours	0
sewing a button	3	Were they experienced in sewing?	commonsense	Yes, they gave clear instructions.	No, they were confused and the instructions were not clear.	0
sewing a button	4	How long did it take for them to sew?	commonsense	Two days.	Not long, a few minutes.	1
getting the newspaper	0	When did they read it?	text	right after getting the paper	evening	0
getting the newspaper	1	What time was it?	text	in the evening	AM	1
getting the newspaper	2	What did they do after they got the paper?	text	put on porch table	go back inside	1
getting the newspaper	3	What time did they receive the newspaper?	text	In the evening hours	In the morning hours	1
renting a movie	0	did they find a good movie	text	no bad one	yes the one they wanted to watch	1
renting a movie	1	why did they choose the particular one?	text	it was on sale	the friend had never seen it	1
renting a movie	2	Was the movie rented online?	text	no it was rented at Redbox	yes it was rented online	0
renting a movie	3	How many people rented the movie?	text	hundred	One	1
renting a movie	4	Did they enjoy the movie?	text	yes well	they were not to happy with the movie.	0
renting a movie	5	Did it take a long time to pick out the movie?	commonsense	No	it took them awhile to pick the movie.	0
renting a movie	6	Is it a cartoon movie?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
renting a movie	7	Why did they rent the movie?	text	to take the movie to a friend	enjoy weekend	1
renting a movie	8	Does the movie store have a drop box to return movies?	commonsense	Yes	no they do not have a place to return movies	0
visiting a doctor	0	What kind of doctor was it?	text	family doctor	Pediatrician	0
visiting a doctor	1	Was there an office?	text	No	Yes	1
visiting a doctor	2	What were they sick with?	text	Stomach ache	Soar throat	1
visiting a doctor	3	Who took their blood pressure?	commonsense	nurse	doctor	0
visiting a doctor	4	Did they come home or were the admitted to a hospital?	text	come home	They went to the hospital.	0
visiting a doctor	5	Were they sad?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
visiting a doctor	6	When did the doctor see them?	text	after the nurse	two days later	0
visiting a doctor	7	Who went to the doctor?	text	The mother	The kids	0
visiting a doctor	8	What did the doctor tell them?	text	To take antibiotics	To go home and sleep	0
visiting a doctor	9	How did they get to the doctor?	text	rode a bus	They drove to the office	1
flying in a plane	0	Did they enjoy the plane ride?	text	Yes	No	0
flying in a plane	1	Did they get air-sick?	commonsense	yes	no, because they said it was a good flight and if they'd been sick we probably would've heard about it.	1
baking a cake	0	Why are they using oven	commonsense	Because ovens are used for baking	to look at	0
baking a cake	1	Where was the frosting put?	text	inside	on the cake	1
baking a cake	2	Where did they get the ingredients for the cake?	text	borrowed them	From their cupboard	1
baking a cake	3	What flavor was the cake?	text	chocolate	vanilla	0
baking a cake	4	What was the occasion that the cake was being baked for?	text	sister's birthday	A friend's wedding	0
baking a cake	5	Why do they bake in the kitchen	commonsense	It's the most convenient place	it was cold	0
making coffee	0	Who were they serving?	text	Themself	A neighbor	0
making coffee	1	Who was brewing coffee?	text	their husband	narrator	1
making coffee	2	Were they at home or someplace else?	text	Home	at a coffee shop	0
making coffee	3	What time were they making coffee?	text	Night	Morning	1
making coffee	4	Do they usually drink coffee?	text	Yes	No	0
making coffee	5	What are they cooking?	text	Coffee	Eggs and Bacon	0
making coffee	6	Was the coffee to their liking?	text	Yes	No	0
making coffee	7	Who poured the coffee?	text	narrator	A neighbor poured the coffee.	0
making coffee	8	What kind of sweetener did they use?	text	Sugar	Stevia	0
making coffee	9	Did they put any sugar in their coffee?	text	No	Yes	1
washing clothes	0	Who washed the clothes?	text	Their Mother.	Bobby.	0
washing clothes	1	What day of the week do they wash the clothes?	text	Sunday	Saturday	1
washing clothes	2	Were they washing for more than one person?	commonsense	No, just for Bobby.	yes	0
washing clothes	3	Why were they washing the clothes?	commonsense	they are dirty	they are new	0
washing clothes	4	Did someone help them wash clothes?	text	No they dd not.	Yes they did.	0
washing clothes	5	Why did they add detergent?	text	To make the clothes smell good.	They did not add detergent.	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	How long did it take to put away the dishes?	text	a few minutes	Two hours	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	How long did it take them to unload the dishwasher?	text	It takes about an hour.	It doesn't take a long time.	1
unloading the dishwasher	2	Do they do this often?	commonsense	no	yes	1
unloading the dishwasher	3	Where did they put the plates?	text	in the dishwasher	in the cabinet where they belong	1
unloading the dishwasher	4	Where did they unload the dishwasher?	text	In the basement.	In their kitchen.	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	narrator	The mother of the storyteller	0
unloading the dishwasher	6	Did they unload the dishwasher in any particular order?	text	Yes they emptied the top drawer first	no	0
going on a date	0	How did they make this date?	text	they saw them in the parking lot	the narrator invited	1
cleaning the floor	0	What are they cleaning?	text	sink	spilled milk	1
cleaning the floor	1	Which floor are they cleaning?	commonsense	The bathroom floor	could be the dining room floor	1
cleaning the floor	2	Did they use soap in the mop water?	text	Yes they did.	No they didn't.	0
cleaning the floor	3	How did they use the mop?	commonsense	They used it to soak up the milk.	to dance with it	0
cleaning the floor	4	who cleaned the floor?	text	Jerry cleaned it.	Jerry's father cleaned it.	0
cleaning the floor	5	why are they cleaning it now?	text	Jerry spilled water	because there was a spill that needed cleaning right away	1
cleaning the floor	6	why is the floor dirty?	text	Jerry spilled their milk	Jerry's father spilled juice on it.	0
cleaning the floor	7	What room was the floor in?	commonsense	kitchen	dining room	1
cleaning the bathroom	0	When did they clean the bathroom?	text	every other tuesday	once per week	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	Who is cleaning the bathroom?	text	The narrator.	landlord	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	What cleaning products did they use?	text	Bleach and toilet cleaner.	Only water and soap	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	Did they scrub when they cleaned?	text	Yes.	no	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	Did they use a mop?	text	yes	No.	0
wrapping a gift	0	Why did they wrap the gift?	commonsense	People wrap gifts to keep bugs off of them.	People wrap gifts to make them more exciting to open.	1
wrapping a gift	1	did they pay much money for the gift?	commonsense	No, they got an amazing deal.	Yes, Playstations are very expensive.	1
wrapping a gift	2	How was the present purchased?	text	They were purchased by Jane.	She ordered them online.	0
wrapping a gift	3	Who received the gift?	text	Her nephew.	Jane's children.	1
wrapping a gift	4	Did they wrap the gift easily?	text	No, she had trouble with it.	Yes, she had no trouble with it.	0
wrapping a gift	5	Was it a large gift?	commonsense	They were all small gifts.	Yes	1
wrapping a gift	6	When did they wrap the gift?	text	after going to the store for paper	She did not have time to wrap them.	0
wrapping a gift	7	How did they like it?	text	The children sulked because they did not get what they wanted.	The children loved the gifts.	1
wrapping a gift	8	Who was the gift for?	text	speakers children	Her grandchildren.	0
wrapping a gift	9	Was the gift square or odd-shaped?	text	Yes, it was square.	Odd shaped	1
feeding the fish	0	Where was the fish?	text	in a tank in the bedroom	they are in two separate koi ponds	1
feeding the fish	1	Who fed the fish?	text	the narrator	her neighbor	0
feeding the fish	2	Did the fish eat all the fish food?	text	no	yes	1
feeding the fish	3	Where did they feed the fish?	text	in the fish tank	in the koi ponds	1
feeding the fish	4	Are the fish in the same place?	text	Yes, in backyard ponds	no	0
feeding the fish	5	What did they feed the fish?	text	fish food	dog food	0
feeding the fish	6	Where are the fish located?	text	in koi ponds in the backyard	in a tank	0
feeding the fish	7	How are the fish fed?	text	They are fed by the narrator	with dog food all at once	0
feeding the fish	8	How did they feed the fish?	text	with food	They dumped the whole container of food in at once	0
feeding the fish	9	why were they given different food?	text	it was a holiday	they were given the same food	1
getting a haircut	0	Who was cutting their hair?	text	their favorite stylist	cashier	0
getting a haircut	1	Who cut their hair?	text	The receptionist	their favorite stylist	1
getting a haircut	2	Who is getting a haircut?	text	stylist	The person telling the story	1
getting a haircut	3	Why did they get a haircut	text	they wanted a new hair style	They regularly get a haircut	1
getting a haircut	4	Did they color their hair?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
getting a haircut	5	Why did they get their hair cut?	text	They had a party to go to	They do it every few months to maintain it	1
getting a haircut	6	Were they satisfied with their haircut?	text	no, they were crying	yes, they left with nice salon hair	1
ordering a pizza	0	Where did they order the pizza from?	text	Pizza Inn	Rancelli's	1
ordering a pizza	1	How long did it take to order the pizza?	commonsense	1 hour	3 minutes	1
ordering a pizza	2	Who took the order?	text	Bobby	Robbie	1
ordering a pizza	3	How did the pizza taste?	commonsense	delicious	bad, he just likes to see Robby	0
ordering a pizza	4	Did they order any other entrees?	commonsense	no	yes	0
ordering a pizza	5	Is pizza their favorite food?	commonsense	no	YES	1
feeding a cat	0	What does the cat eat off of?	text	A bowl on an eating mat.	A dinner plate.	0
feeding a cat	1	How much work is it really to own a cat ?	commonsense	Not too much.	none	0
feeding a cat	2	How long did it take to feed the cat, all in all ?	commonsense	long time	Only a few minutes.	1
feeding a cat	3	Did they feed the cat wet food or dry food?	text	Both	wet only	0
feeding a cat	4	Do they feed the cat inside or outside ?	text	Inside	Outside	0
feeding a cat	5	how many people were there?	text	Two.	Only one person.	1
making a camping trip	0	why are they camping somewhere?	commonsense	they had to for work	To get away into the country for a while	1
making a camping trip	1	What was in the bonfire?	commonsense	apples	firewood	1
making a camping trip	2	How long will they be camping for?	commonsense	2 days	an hour	0
making a camping trip	3	How will they get to the campground?	text	by driving	They hiked	0
making a camping trip	4	When did they build a campfire?	text	at night	First thing in the morning	0
visiting a doctor	0	Who had an appointment?	text	The nurse	The storyteller.	1
visiting a doctor	1	Why did they talk to the receptionist?	commonsense	to conform appointment	To make an appointment	0
visiting a doctor	2	Where did they sit in the waiting room?	text	By the window	Near the door.	0
visiting a doctor	3	Did they need any lab work?	text	Yes	No	1
changing a baby diaper	0	How difficult was it for them to change the diaper?	commonsense	It was hard to change the diaper.	Usually standard procedure	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Who changed the babies diapers?	text	babies mother	Their caretaker	1
changing a baby diaper	2	Did the old diaper smell?	commonsense	Yes	No the old diaper did not smell.	0
changing a baby diaper	3	How was the baby cleaned up?	text	They used moist towelettes.	With a wet rag	0
changing a baby diaper	4	When did the baby need a diaper change?	text	After they soiled their diaper	every hour	0
chopping vegetables	0	What were they doing with the food?	text	They were using the food to make soup.	Freezing it	0
chopping vegetables	1	What were the vegetables getting used for?	text	The vegetables were going to be used to make some millecosedde soup.	They were going to use the vegetables to make pasta.	0
chopping vegetables	2	When did they start to chop?	text	The day after they soaked the beans.	Before soaking the beans.	0
chopping vegetables	3	Where did they chop vegetables?	text	On the table.	On a cutting board.	1
chopping vegetables	4	How many vegetables did they chop?	text	They only chopped an onion.	They chopped 5 different types of vegetables; a onion, carrots, celery, mushrooms, and some cabbage.	1
changing bed sheets	0	who changed the sheets?	text	They did with Ramona	no one changed the sheets	0
changing bed sheets	1	Where were the bed sheets at?	commonsense	in a store	On the bed	1
changing bed sheets	2	Did they make the bed after changing the bed sheets?	text	no	yes	1
changing bed sheets	3	Did they change the bed sheets by themselves or did they get help?	text	no they changed them by themselves	They got help from Ramona	1
changing bed sheets	4	Why did the new sheets smell so nice?	commonsense	they had perfume on them	they were clean	1
painting a wall	2	Did they do a good job painting?	text	No, they were disappointed	Yes, they were happy with the results	1
painting a wall	3	How many walls were painted?	commonsense	Just one wall of the new apartment	four	1
painting a wall	4	Whose wall did they paint?	text	the office	Their wall	1
painting a wall	5	Did they use more than one color?	text	No, jut blue	Yes, several colors	0
painting a wall	6	What color were the walls painted?	text	blue	tan	0
painting a wall	7	What color did they paint the wall?	text	red	blue	1
painting a wall	8	What color did they paint the room?	text	blue	red	0
mailing a letter	0	who mailed the letter?	text	their cousin	they did	1
mailing a letter	1	did the person get the letter?	text	No, they did not.	yes, they did.	1
mailing a letter	2	When did they mail the letter?	text	the same day the letter was written	before the interview	0
mailing a letter	3	When do they expect the letter to arrive to its destination?	commonsense	a few days	in a few weeks	0
mailing a letter	4	How long did it take to mail the letter?	commonsense	a few minutes	More than half of an hour.	0
mailing a letter	5	How did they send the letter?	text	they went to the post office	through the post	1
mailing a letter	6	Who wrote the letter?	text	The mailman.	the author	1
ordering a pizza	0	Was the pizza still hot when it was delivered?	commonsense	Yes	No, the pizza was cold	0
ordering a pizza	1	How long did the pizza take to arrive?	text	half an hour	2 hours	0
ordering a pizza	2	What phone did they use to order the pizza?	text	The kitchen phone	he used the internet, not the phone	1
ordering a pizza	3	Who ate the pizza?	text	The family dog	The author and their friends	1
ordering a pizza	4	How many pizzas were ordered?	commonsense	more than one	ten	0
ordering a pizza	5	Who ordered the pizza?	text	Their friends	The narrator	1
having a barbecue	0	Who is invited to the barbecue?	text	The storyteller's friends.	People from work	0
having a barbecue	1	What type of food was barbecued?	text	steaks and potatoes	hot dog, burger	1
having a barbecue	2	What were they drinking along with their food?	text	Milk and juice.	Soda and bear	1
having a barbecue	3	Why did they have a barbecue?	text	Just to have friends over	for relatives	0
having a barbecue	4	Did they barbecue steaks?	text	Yes, they did.	No, they did not.	1
having a barbecue	5	Did others bring food to share?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
having a barbecue	6	Is the barbecue by private invitation, or is it open to all family and friends?	text	Open to everyone.	By invitation.	1
making a flight reservation	0	Why did they go there?	text	For a wedding	vacation holiday	1
making a flight reservation	1	How did they get there?	text	They're going to drive.	Airplane	1
making a flight reservation	2	Who made the reservations?	text	his friend	the author	1
making a flight reservation	3	Will it be cold where they are flying to?	commonsense	No, it's never cold in Alaska.	Yes	1
making a flight reservation	4	Why was the reservation made?	text	They had to go to a funeral	to travel for vacation	1
making a flight reservation	5	what time is there flight?	text	early morning	late evening	0
making a flight reservation	6	When was the flight?	text	early morning	evening	0
making a flight reservation	7	Where are they flying to?	text	Atlanta	Alaska	1
making a flight reservation	8	How many people went?	text	3	Just them.	1
washing dishes	0	where do the dishes go after they wash them	text	The drying rack	In the garbage	0
washing dishes	1	When did they wash dishes?	text	three times a day	in the morning	0
washing dishes	2	who do they wash dishes with	commonsense	their children	themself	1
washing dishes	3	where are the dirty dishes	text	on the right side	in the sink	1
washing dishes	4	Who was helping do the dishes?	commonsense	no one	Their spouse	0
washing dishes	5	What did they use to wash the dishes?	text	dish soap and a kitchen sponge	a wash rag	0
giving a medicine to someone	0	Who prescribed the medicine for them?	text	The son	The doctor.	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	What was wrong with them?	text	He was throwing up	They were coughing and sneezing.	1
giving a medicine to someone	2	Who was taking the medicine?	text	the little boy	The doctor	0
giving a medicine to someone	3	Why did the doctor prescribe the medicine?	text	because the child was ill	he did not help the child	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	When was the medicine given?	text	the next morning	after they got home	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Did this happen at night?	text	no the child was sick when was awakened one morning	yes at night	0
giving a medicine to someone	6	Was somebody sick?	text	you are sick	yes the child	1
getting a haircut	0	What is the cape used for	text	To protect the hairdresser	to protect the customer's clothes	1
getting a haircut	1	Did they show them a picture of how they wanted their hair?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
getting a haircut	2	Did they blow-dry their hair?	text	No	Yes	1
getting a haircut	3	When did they arrive?	commonsense	the next day	3:00pm	1
getting a haircut	4	Do they like the length	commonsense	No	Yes	1
giving a medicine to someone	0	Why were they giving someone medicine?	text	Their dad needed it	Because they were sick	1
giving a medicine to someone	1	Was somebody trying to help?	text	no, the mom was getting her own medicine	yes, the author was trying to help their mom	1
giving a medicine to someone	2	What form was the medicine in?	text	Liquid	Pills	0
giving a medicine to someone	3	Is the medicine hard to swallow?	commonsense	Yes, the pills are large	No, you just drink it	1
giving a medicine to someone	4	Why did they give someone medicine?	commonsense	because they took the medicine twice a day	because they weren't feeling well	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Who was giving someone medicine?	text	The mother gave it to the son	the author	1
giving a medicine to someone	6	Is the medicine liquid or pills?	text	liquid	Pills	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Who has to give them the medicine?	text	The mother	The person telling the story	1
giving a medicine to someone	8	How often do they give the medicine?	text	every six hours	2 TBS every 4 hours	1
giving a medicine to someone	9	Have they taken the medicine before?	commonsense	No	yes because they knew what kind to get	1
giving a medicine to someone	10	Who did they give medicine to?	text	Their mother	His kid sister	0
calling 911	0	Where were they?	text	In their home.	Outside in the yard.	0
calling 911	1	Why were the police dispatched?	commonsense	To assist the firefighters	They were bored	0
calling 911	2	Did they use a cell phone?	text	Yes, they used their cell.	No, they used a landline.	0
calling 911	3	Did everything work out OK?	text	No, their home burned down.	Yes, the fireman put out the fire in the kitchen on the range.	1
calling 911	4	Who was involved in the incident that led to calling 911?	text	the narrator.	The neighbors called 911.	0
calling 911	5	Did the caller receive any instructions on what to do immediately?	text	yes	No.	1
calling 911	6	Who answered the phone?	text	The 911 dispatcher.	A police officer	0
calling 911	7	Who was the reason they called 911?	text	Dispatcher	The person taking a shower.	1
calling 911	8	How long did they wait to call 911?	text	a couple seconds.	more than a minute.	0
calling 911	9	How long did they stay on the phone with the dispatcher?	commonsense	For over an hour.	Only a few minutes.	1
calling 911	10	When did they call 911?	text	After several attempts to put out fire.	As soon as they saw the fire.	1
calling 911	11	Was something burning?	text	No, everything was fine.	Yes, a pot on the stove.	1
making a bed	0	Did they fluff the pillows?	commonsense	No, they didn't fluff them.	Yes, they took the time to fluff the pillows.	0
making a bed	1	What time did they make it?	text	8:00	10:00	0
making a bed	2	Where did they put the pillows while they made the bed?	text	side by side at top of bed	At the bottom of the bed	0
making a bed	3	What bedding items did they change?	text	none	All the sheets	0
making a bed	4	What time was it when they made the bed?	text	8:00	10:00	0
making a bed	5	Can you make a bed after you get in it?	commonsense	Yes, you can make your bed while still in it.	No, you need to get out of bed in order to make it.	1
feeding an infant	0	Was the baby full?	commonsense	Yes he finished eating.	No, they baby got sick and couldn't finish eating.	0
feeding an infant	1	What did the infant eat?	text	A bottle of juice	macaroni and cheese baby food	1
feeding an infant	2	what is their relationship to the infant?	commonsense	their cousin	Parents.	1
feeding an infant	3	When did they feed the baby?	text	At lunch time.	At dinner time.	0
feeding an infant	4	What did they do to the baby after the baby was done eating?	text	Washed him	Burped him	1
feeding an infant	5	Whose baby are they feeding?	commonsense	The mom and dad are feeding their own baby.	The grandparents are feeding their grandchild.	0
feeding an infant	6	From where did they get the infant's food from?	text	From the drawer.	The cupboard	1
feeding an infant	7	How was the milk heated?	text	The bottle is warmed up in water on the stove	The bottle was warmed up in the microwave.	0
making a hot dog	0	When did they get out the buns?	text	while the hot dogs were in the boiling water	after the hot dogs were done cooking	0
making a hot dog	1	Was the person an adult or child?	text	just a child	There was both an adult and a child	1
making a hot dog	2	What time of day was it?	commonsense	afternoon	early morning	0
making a hot dog	3	How long did it take to make the hot dog?	commonsense	a few minutes	Hours	0
making a hot dog	4	At whose house did they cook the hot dog?	commonsense	their own house	the neighbor's	0
making a hot dog	5	How many hot dogs are they cooking?	text	2 hot dogs	1 hot dog	0
changing a baby diaper	0	How did they make sure the diaper stayed on?	text	They taped it.	They secured the Velcro straps.	1
changing a baby diaper	1	Whose diaper did they change?	text	The baby's diaper.	they changed their son's diaper	0
changing a baby diaper	2	Where did it take place?	commonsense	At home	Did it take place outside the home	0
changing a baby diaper	3	Where did they change the diaper?	text	the sofa	On the bed.	0
changing a baby diaper	4	What time of day was the diaper changed?	commonsense	Daytime	After dinner	0
changing a baby diaper	5	what time did they change it?	commonsense	After they noticed the smell.	Before they noticed the smell.	0
changing a baby diaper	6	Who helped them change the baby's diaper?	text	Their wife	The nanny	0
changing a baby diaper	7	Who changed the baby diaper?	text	The father.	Their wife	0
changing a baby diaper	8	What did they do with the soiled diaper?	text	Put it in a bag.	threw it away in diaper genie	1
changing a baby diaper	9	Whose baby are they taking care of?	text	A friends baby.	Their own	1
giving a medicine to someone	0	Did they use a spoon for the medicine?	text	yes a teaspoon	no they just drank some	0
giving a medicine to someone	1	Is the medicine hard to swallow?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
giving a medicine to someone	2	Who has to take the medicine?	text	Katelyn	aunt	0
giving a medicine to someone	3	How did they administer the medicine to them?	text	by reading instructions and getting a spoon	mixed with water	0
giving a medicine to someone	4	Where did they get the medicine from?	text	kitchen cupboard	medicine cabinet	1
giving a medicine to someone	5	Did they like the medicine?	text	no	yes	0
giving a medicine to someone	6	Why do they have to take the medicine?	text	Katelyn had fever	cold	0
giving a medicine to someone	7	Where did they give them the medicine?	commonsense	The kitchen.	The bathroom.	1
washing clothes	0	Did they pre-treat any clothes?	commonsense	yes	no	1
washing clothes	1	Did they use a washing machine?	text	no	yes	1
washing clothes	2	what day of the week did they wash the clothes?	text	every day	Saturdays only.	0
washing clothes	3	Was the load large?	commonsense	yes	no it was tiny	0
washing clothes	4	Why did they wash the clothes?	commonsense	To clean	There is a special event coming up.	0
washing clothes	5	Who washed the clothes?	text	The maid	the speaker	1
washing clothes	6	Did they add anything besides clothes to the machine?	text	laundry detergent	softener	0
cleaning the table	0	what is the table cleaned with?	text	polish, cleaner, rags	It was cleaned with soap.	0
cleaning the table	1	Was anyone sitting at the table while they were cleaning it?	commonsense	no	yes	0
cleaning the table	2	Where did they put the dishes?	text	They put the dishes on the table.	in the fridge	0
cleaning the table	3	How did they clean the table?	text	They poured water on it	cleaning polish, rags, cleaner	1
cleaning the table	4	Were they mad that they had to clean the table?	commonsense	yes	no	1
cleaning the table	5	Where was this dirty table?	commonsense	In the dining room	in home	1
cleaning the table	6	Did the table shine when they were done?	text	Yes, it was shiny.	No, it was still dull.	0
cleaning the table	7	Who cleaned the table?	text	owner's sister	The narrator	1
making a shopping list	0	How long did it take to write the list?	commonsense	A couple of hours	A few minutes	1
making a shopping list	1	Why did they write the list?	text	So they could write down the prices	To remember things they need.	1
making a shopping list	2	Who wrote the list?	text	their Mom did	The person telling the story	1
making a shopping list	3	Who made the list?	text	The main person.	no one	0
making a shopping list	4	Who will be shopping with them?	commonsense	Nobody, they are alone	Their children	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	what kind of book did they borrow?	text	fantasy	A sci fi book.	1
borrowing a book from the library	1	Why did they go to the library?	text	To get a book to read.	So they could get ice cream.	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	Why did they get books at the library?	commonsense	for school	There was a large variety of books to choose from.	1
borrowing a book from the library	3	Who borrowed a book?	text	The librarian.	The person telling the story.	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Did they borrow more than one book?	text	Yes they borrowed two.	no	1
borrowing a book from the library	5	Who rented them the book?	text	It didn't say.	The librarian.	1
borrowing a book from the library	6	What book did they check out?	text	A sci-fi book	new release	0
borrowing a book from the library	7	Did somebody recommend this book to them?	text	Yes	No they chose it.	1
cleaning the floor	0	In what room did the floor need cleaning?	text	Living room	The kitchen.	1
cleaning the floor	1	What time of day did they start to clean the floor?	commonsense	In the morning	Evening	1
cleaning the floor	2	why is the floor dirty?	text	Someone had muddy shoes.	The toddler spilled milk.	1
cleaning the floor	3	Why did they need to clean the floor?	text	The mother spilled milk.	Milk is spilled.	1
cleaning the floor	4	Did anybody help them?	text	Yes a friend helped.	No they cleaned it themselves.	1
cleaning the floor	5	How did they feel once they finished cleaning the floor?	commonsense	They were upset that it was clean.	they felt satisfied	1
cleaning the floor	6	When did they finish cleaning the floor?	commonsense	After an hour.	Before they went to bed	1
cleaning the floor	7	What are they cleaning?	text	spilled juice on the kitchen floor	spilled milk on the kitchen floor	1
flying in a plane	0	Where did the plane land?	text	New York	it should land in Florida	1
wrapping a gift	0	Who wrapped the gift?	text	The husband.	Their wife.	0
wrapping a gift	1	What was the gift?	text	A pink robe	It was pajamas.	0
wrapping a gift	2	Where were they wrapping the gift?	text	In the store	At their home.	1
wrapping a gift	3	What color wrapping is being used?	text	They used red and blue.	It had pink and blue lettering.	0
wrapping a gift	4	How are they wrapping the present?	text	In newspaper	They used wrapping paper.	1
wrapping a gift	5	How long did it take to wrap the gift?	commonsense	Not long.	It takes about an hour to wrap a present.	0
wrapping a gift	6	What color was the bow?	text	red	The bow was yellow.	1
wrapping a gift	7	How did they wrap the gift?	text	With paper and a bow	They put it in a gift bag.	0
laying flooring in a room	0	Was it being laid in a bathroom?	text	No, the kitchen.	yes	0
laying flooring in a room	1	how many people are involved?	text	Two.	Three.	0
laying flooring in a room	2	Did they hire anyone to do it for them?	text	No, the friend Joe helped the story teller.	Yes, they hired Joe's friend.	0
laying flooring in a room	3	Where did they get the new flooring?	text	store	Walmart.	0
laying flooring in a room	4	Why did they need new flooring?	text	They didn't like the pattern on the old tile.	The other tile was "old and worn out."	1
laying flooring in a room	5	Who laid down the flooring?	text	they and their friend	The story teller, Joe, and Bob.	0
laying flooring in a room	6	Did they do a good job on the floor?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
laying flooring in a room	7	Why is the floor torn up?	text	It was damaged.	they need another one	1
washing dishes	0	what kind of dish detergent was used?	text	Ajax.	Dawn	1
washing dishes	1	Did someone tell them to wash the dishes?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
washing dishes	2	Were there pots and pans that needed washed?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	3	Do they always wash them in that place?	commonsense	probably, yes	No	0
washing dishes	4	Did anyone help them wash the dishes?	text	Yes	No	1
washing dishes	5	Where did they put the dishes after washing them?	text	in the rack to dry	in the cabinet to dry	0
washing dishes	6	Who is washing the dishes?	text	the maid	The narrator	1
washing dishes	7	Did they wash dishes at home?	text	no	yes	1
washing dishes	8	where are the dirty dishes	text	on floor	sink, table	1
going on a train	0	Did they sleep on the train?	text	no	yes	1
going on a train	1	Did they manage to get a seat on the train?	text	no	yes	1
going on a train	2	Where did they go?	text	on a business trip	to visit family	1
going on a train	3	Where were they going?	text	to visit family	on a business trip	0
taking a bath	0	Did they take a bath to relax?	text	Yes	No, just to clean	0
taking a bath	1	How did the water feel?	commonsense	warm	cold	0
taking a bath	2	How did the bath feel?	text	Nice, hot, and relaxing	Cold and uncomfortable	0
taking a bath	3	Did they take a bath at home?	commonsense	no	yes	1
taking a bath	4	Did they enjoy the bath?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a bath	5	Where did they take a bath?	commonsense	kitchen	home	1
taking a bath	6	Who helped with their bath?	commonsense	Nobody	a friend	0
taking a bath	7	Was anyone there when they were taking a bath?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
taking a bath	8	Did the person in the bath need someone else to clean them?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	What kind of book was it?	text	A non-fiction book based off a true story of a movie.	A comedy fiction book.	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	What happens if they don't return the book in time?	text	They get fined.	They keep it.	0
borrowing a book from the library	2	why did they need to borrow a book?	text	They didn't have a book.	Because they wanted to read it.	1
borrowing a book from the library	3	Who rented them the book?	text	The author	The library	0
borrowing a book from the library	4	How do they return the books?	commonsense	The librarian picks the book up.	They bring it back to the library and put it in the return bin.	1
borrowing a book from the library	5	Did they have outstanding fines on their library card?	commonsense	No, they didn't owe any fines.	Yes, they owed a lot of money.	0
making scrambled eggs	0	What was added to the eggs before cooking them?	text	a little milk	cream	0
making scrambled eggs	1	What cooking device did they use to cook the scrambled eggs?	text	Stove burner	Microwave oven	0
making scrambled eggs	2	How long were the eggs on the stove?	commonsense	About four minutes	an hour	0
making scrambled eggs	3	Where were the egg shells put?	commonsense	in the trash	On the plate	0
making scrambled eggs	4	Who was going to eat the scrambled eggs?	text	their cousin	the author	1
making scrambled eggs	5	What color were the egg yolks?	commonsense	white	they are always yellow	1
making scrambled eggs	6	Why did they make scrambled eggs instead of something else?	text	they ran out of cereal	it's the best way to start their day	1
making scrambled eggs	7	What were the eggs cooked in?	text	Pot	Frying pan	1
folding clothes	0	Did they also fold towels and linens?	text	No	Yes	1
folding clothes	1	What kind of clothes were they folding?	text	Underwear and socks	towels and sheets	1
folding clothes	2	How many pairs of pants did they fold?	text	none	2	0
folding clothes	3	Who was folding the clothes?	text	the speaker	The mother	0
folding clothes	4	Were there any clothes that weren't folded because they were to be hung up?	text	yes the dress pants	no they were all folded	1
folding clothes	5	Why were they folding clothes?	commonsense	to keep them neat	because they were forced to	0
folding clothes	6	How did the know the clothes were ready to be folded?	commonsense	after the wash	when they were dry	1
folding clothes	7	Did any clothes need to be ironed out before folding?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
folding clothes	8	In what manner did they fold the clothes?	text	First the shirts, then the towels, then the socks	Carefully	1
having a barbecue	0	who's holding the barbecue?	text	The neighbors.	The author	1
having a barbecue	1	Where was the barbecue held?	text	At a park	In their backyard	1
calling 911	0	How long before the paramedics arrived?	commonsense	Les than 15 minutes	2 hours	0
calling 911	1	Did the caller remain on the line while waiting for help?	text	Yes	No he left the house	0
calling 911	2	Why were they calling 911?	text	There was a fire in the house	Billy's grandmother collapsed	1
calling 911	3	Where were they when they called 911?	text	In the house	In the front yard	0
calling 911	4	Was anyone injured?	text	No, everyone was fine	Yes the grandmother	1
calling 911	6	Was there any disagreement about whether to call 911?	text	No.They were called right away	Yes	0
calling 911	7	How quickly did it take for the ambulance to arrive?	commonsense	many hours	Not long	1
calling 911	8	When did the accident occur?	text	Sunday	One summer Saturday	1
calling 911	9	What happened to cause them to call 911?	text	grandmother fell over	The house was on fire.	0
cleaning the shower	0	What cleaning materials did they use?	text	Water, foaming cleanser, sponge, glass cleaner, squeegee	Ajax cleaner	0
cleaning the shower	1	what supplies were used?	text	Water, foaming cleanser, sponge, glass cleaner, squeegee	Kitchen cleaning supplies	0
cleaning the shower	2	How long did it take to clean the shower?	text	Over an hour.	10 minutes	0
cleaning the shower	3	who cleaned the shower?	text	The person telling the story	Steve	0
cleaning the shower	4	Was the shower really dirty, or just a little dirty?	text	it was just a little dirty	Really dirty	1
cleaning the shower	5	How long did it take them to finish cleaning the entire shower?	text	Over an hour	An hour and thirty minutes.	0
cleaning the shower	6	Why did they clean the shower?	text	The dog had walked mud into it	It got dirty after Steve had showered following a triathlon	1
going grocery shopping	0	Did they get everything on their list?	text	yes	no	0
going grocery shopping	1	What did they get from the produce section?	text	apples, oranges, grapes, pineapples	Bananas, bell peppers, lettuce, radishes, and tomatoes	1
going grocery shopping	2	Did they use reusable bags?	text	No, they used boxes.	Yes, they brought some with them.	1
going grocery shopping	3	Where did they go in the store first?	text	produce section	deli	0
going grocery shopping	4	What time did they go to the store?	text	First thing in the morning.	Early afternoon	1
going to the swimming pool	0	How many lifeguards were at the swimming pool?	commonsense	1	4	0
going to the swimming pool	1	What did they wear?	text	Swimsuits	casual clothes	0
going to the swimming pool	2	Why did they want to go swimming?	text	it was cold	Because it was very hot outside	1
going to the swimming pool	3	How long did they stay at the pool?	text	All day	1 hour	0
going to the swimming pool	4	Who all went to the pool?	text	Just kids	One parent and two children	1
making a bonfire	0	was there any food served?	text	Yes, they had smores.	No, there was no food.	0
making a bonfire	1	What supplies did they need to make the bonfire?	text	Wood,brush and matches.	Logs and gas	0
making a bonfire	2	Who went to the bonfire?	text	The person telling the story and their friends.	It was a boy scout troop.	0
making a bonfire	3	Why did they build a bonfire?	text	to bond with friends	They needed to dry their clothes	0
making a bonfire	4	Why did they have a bonfire?	commonsense	to bond with friends	For warmth	0
making a bonfire	5	Who started the bonfire?	text	they did	The narrator's father	0
making a bonfire	6	Why did they want to build a bonfire?	text	to have fun with their friends	They were bored.	0
sewing a button	0	What item were they sewing on?	text	A zipper.	a button	1
sewing a button	1	What time of the day was it?	commonsense	morning before work	evening	0
sewing a button	2	what are the chances that it will come off again	commonsense	They were unsure if it was secured.	slim	1
sewing a button	3	Was it easy or difficult to sew the button?	commonsense	difficult	It seemed easy.	1
sewing a button	4	Why did the button come off of the shirt?	commonsense	it was pulled off	Thread is worn	1
sewing a button	5	Once they started sewing, how long did it take to attach the button to the shirt?	commonsense	Not long.	All day.	0
sewing a button	6	Didn't the shirt look so nice with all of it's buttons back on?	commonsense	no	yes	1
sewing a button	7	How does the button stay on?	text	They glued it.	They secured it with thread.	1
sewing a button	8	Did the original button break?	text	No, it did not.	Yes, it did.	0
sewing a button	9	Did they use a machine to sew the button?	text	No, they did it by hand.	Yes, they did.	0
driving a car	0	Did they drive the car in the morning?	text	yes	no at night	0
driving a car	1	Where was the car located?	text	House	A parking garage	0
driving a car	2	Why were they driving?	text	they needed to get to the store	Going to the mechanic	0
driving a car	3	Did the driver drop somebody off at a different location?	text	yes	no they drove alone	1
calling 911	0	Did the person who got hurt recover?	text	No, she had to go to the hospital.	Yes she spit up the food she was choking on.	1
calling 911	1	Did anyone witness the accident?	text	the two children	No one did	0
calling 911	2	When did help arrive?	commonsense	Soon after the call	In two hours the ambulance arrived.	0
calling 911	3	How many people were injured?	text	one person the mother.	two people were injured.	0
calling 911	4	Was the 911 operator helpful?	text	Yes	No , she was awful.	0
calling 911	5	How long did they wait for help to arrive?	commonsense	Several hours	Just a few minutes	1
calling 911	6	How severe was the injury?	commonsense	Life-threatening	Not at all	0
calling 911	7	How long until help arrived?	commonsense	a few minutes	two days later.	0
calling 911	8	From where did they call 911?	commonsense	Home	A restaurant	0
calling 911	9	How long had they been in trouble?	commonsense	A few minutes	Many hours	0
calling 911	10	What happened to cause them to call 911?	text	their mother choked	their brother choked	0
calling 911	11	Who answered the phone?	text	The 911 operator	John answered.	0
shopping online	0	Why did they order online?	commonsense	it's inconvenient to order things online	Convenience.	1
shopping online	1	How did they pay for the item?	text	A check.	Pay with credit card	1
shopping online	2	How did they pay for it?	text	Cash	Pay with credit card	1
shopping online	3	Who bought the item?	text	the friend	the speaker	1
shopping online	4	Was it what they expected?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
sending party invitations	0	Who was invited?	text	Immediate family only	Guests they might like	1
sending party invitations	1	When did they compile their list of guests for the party?	text	After they bought the invitations	Before they bought the invitations	1
sending party invitations	2	How easy was the process of sending invites?	commonsense	Very complicated and confusing	Easy, since there were steps to follow	1
sending party invitations	3	Where is the party?	text	The narrator's house	At a friend's house	0
sending party invitations	4	Why did they send out invitations?	text	So people would have all the information for the party.	They were throwing a charity event	0
feeding the fish	0	Do the fish need more than one kind of food?	text	Yes	No	0
feeding the fish	1	How do they feed the fish?	commonsense	They put it in a bowl on the side of the tank	Sprinkle food in the water	1
feeding the fish	2	What did they feed the fish with?	text	homemade food	Three different types of food	1
feeding the fish	3	Was it easy to feed them?	commonsense	no	yes	1
feeding the fish	4	Who fed the fish?	text	Their friend	The narrator	1
feeding the fish	5	How many people helped feed the fish?	text	just one,	Two more people	0
feeding the fish	6	Were the fish in a man made lake?	text	yes	no in the aquarium	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	How did they change out the trash bags?	text	They threw out the trash can	The normal way	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Why did they take the trash out?	text	It was trash day	It was full	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	When did they replace the bag?	text	When the old one was full	The hour before the garbage men came	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	What room was the garbage can in?	text	in their room	the bathroom	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Who is changing the trash?	text	The speaker	Nobody	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Did anyone help them replace the bags?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Which garbage bag did they replace?	text	The kitchen garbage bag	The one in their room	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	how did they get the bag out of the trash can?	text	Pushed it out the bottom	pull it out	1
working in the garden	0	Were there lots of weeds in the garden?	commonsense	none	a fair amount, yes	1
working in the garden	1	Where is the garden located?	commonsense	backyard	next city	0
working in the garden	2	When did they work in the garden?	commonsense	at night	In the spring.	1
working in the garden	3	Why were they in the garden?	text	clean the garden	to clean up after summer	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Did they have to wait in line?	commonsense	yes	no	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	How long did it take to order?	commonsense	they ordered as soon as they decided what they wanted, so right away	Two hours after looking at the menu.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	What did they choose to drink?	text	coke	water	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	Who was eating?	text	The cashier	The person telling the story and Bill	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	What was the name of the restaurant?	text	Burger King	Jack In The Box	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	When did the food come out?	commonsense	Two hours after it was ordered.	not long after they ordered it but no specific time is mentioned	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	6	Where did they sit in the restaurant?	text	They sat at a table	They sat on the floor	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	7	When did they get their drink?	text	After they had given their order to the cashier	after they ate	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	8	Were they standing or sitting?	text	They sat to eat	They sat in line while waiting on their food.	0
playing a movie	0	Did they enjoy the movie?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	0
playing a movie	1	What did they play the movie on?	text	A DVD player.	A VHS player.	0
playing a movie	2	Where were they sitting when they watched the movie?	text	In their recliner	In the kitchen.	0
playing a movie	3	Why did they pick that movie?	text	It was a new movie.	It was their favorite	1
playing a movie	4	Why were they watching a movie?	text	They had friends over.	They wanted to relax.	1
playing a movie	5	Where did they play the movie?	text	At home	At the theater.	0
playing a movie	6	Did they eat popcorn when they played the movie?	text	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
playing a movie	7	Did they eat popcorn while watching?	text	No.	yes	1
playing a movie	8	Did they travel during the movie?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
playing a movie	9	How many movies were watched?	text	One.	Two	0
shopping online	0	Did they use any coupon codes?	commonsense	yes	no	1
shopping online	1	How many choices do they have?	text	just two	many	1
shopping online	2	Who did they order from online?	text	Amazon	Walmart	0
shopping online	4	Who will deliver the items?	commonsense	a deliverer	the narrator must pick it up	0
making a bed	0	How long did it take them?	commonsense	30 minutes	5 minutes or less	1
making a bed	1	When did they make the bed?	text	Last night.	as soon as they woke up	1
making a bed	2	Who made the bed?	text	the neighbor	the narrator	1
making a bed	3	When did they start making the bed?	text	right before they went to bed	When they woke up.	1
making a bed	4	How many pillows are on the bed?	text	four	two	0
making a bed	5	Where is the bed?	commonsense	In the bedroom.	In the kitchen.	0
visiting a doctor	0	Why did the receptionist ask for their ID?	commonsense	The receptionist needed to record their information	The receptionist was curious	0
visiting a doctor	1	Who needed to see the doctor?	text	Their son	The narrator	1
visiting a doctor	2	How did the nurse find out what they weighed?	text	She guessed the weight	weighed them	1
visiting a doctor	3	What kind of doctor was it?	commonsense	Probably general medicine	surgeon	0
cleaning up toys	0	How did they put the toys away?	text	they picked them up	Alex put them away	0
cleaning up toys	1	Why did they have to clean up the toys?	commonsense	Guests were coming over	so they didn't trip over them	1
cleaning up toys	2	How did the toys end up being left out?	text	Alex played with them	The mom didn't put them away.	0
cleaning up toys	3	How many toys were left out?	text	at least 30 cars	at least 10 airplanes	0
cleaning up toys	4	What kind of toys were there?	text	Toy cars	toy soldiers	0
cleaning up toys	5	Why were the toys left out?	text	Alex's mom was playing with them	Alex likes playing with them	1
chopping vegetables	0	Were they fresh or frozen?	commonsense	Frozen	They were fresh.	1
chopping vegetables	1	Who chopped the veggies?	text	The chef	The author.	1
chopping vegetables	2	When did they wash the vegetables?	text	After chopping the vegetables	First thing	1
chopping vegetables	3	Why were the vegetables getting cut?	text	To be put into a salad	To make stew.	1
chopping vegetables	4	Where were the vegetables chopped?	text	On the table	The kitchen	1
chopping vegetables	5	How did they chop vegetables?	text	With a knife.	With a blender	0
chopping vegetables	6	What did they chop the vegetables on?	text	On a cutting board.	On a table.	0
chopping vegetables	7	Who ate the chopped vegetables?	commonsense	Themself	The speaker's neighbors	0
chopping vegetables	8	What vegetables did they chop?	text	Broccoli and carrots	Carrots, potatoes, celery, and onion.	1
chopping vegetables	9	What meal were the vegetables used for?	text	Breakfast	Dinner	1
making toasted bread	0	Why did they take out a jar of jelly?	text	To spread on a muffin	To spread on toast	1
making toasted bread	1	Why did they make toast?	text	they were hungry for breakfast	they wanted dinner	0
making toasted bread	2	Was this a part of breakfast?	text	Yes	No	0
making toasted bread	3	How many pieces of bread did they toast?	text	4	Two	1
making toasted bread	4	how long should the bread be toasted?	commonsense	Depends on how toasty you want it	Five Minutes	0
making toasted bread	5	Where are they toasting the bread?	text	Toaster	in oven	0
making toasted bread	6	Did they burn any bread?	commonsense	NO	YES	0
making fresh orange juice	0	Was anything added to the orange juice?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making fresh orange juice	1	Where were they making orange juice?	text	In the dining room.	Their kitchen	1
making fresh orange juice	2	How long did it take to squeeze enough oranges to get a glass?	commonsense	half an hour	A few minutes	1
making fresh orange juice	3	Where did they make the juice?	text	In the stove pot.	at home	1
making fresh orange juice	4	Where did they put the juice when they were done making it?	text	in a glass	In a pitcher	1
making fresh orange juice	5	Would they do it again?	commonsense	Probably not.	Yes	1
visiting a doctor	0	Did they come home or were the admitted to a hospital?	text	came home	went to hospital	0
visiting a doctor	1	What did they leave with?	commonsense	prescription	A lollipop.	0
visiting a doctor	2	What kind of doctor was it?	commonsense	nose doctor	Family doctor.	1
visiting a doctor	3	Who had an appointment?	text	Narrator.	Uncle Joe.	0
visiting a doctor	4	How long did they wait in the waiting room?	text	More than an hour.	Just a few minutes.	1
visiting a doctor	5	Was there an office?	text	No there was not.	Yes there was.	1
baking a cake	0	Where did they bake the cake?	text	oven	In a bakery	0
baking a cake	1	Was the cake for a special occasion?	text	Easter dinner	Sunday dinner with our families	1
baking a cake	2	When did they serve the cake?	text	any other day	Later that evening	1
baking a cake	3	Why were they baking the cake?	text	For someone's birthday	to have for a special dessert after Sunday night dinner with their families	1
baking a cake	4	What ingredients do they need	text	flour sugar and others	meat, veggies	0
renting a movie	0	Is it a cartoon movie?	commonsense	no	yes	0
renting a movie	1	Where was the movie rented?	text	The grocery store.	Movie rental place.	1
renting a movie	2	How was the movie returned?	commonsense	the speaker took it back	A friend took it back.	0
renting a movie	3	Did they buy any snacks when they rented the movie?	text	yes	No.	1
renting a movie	4	Did they go to a store to rent the movie?	text	yes	no	0
renting a movie	5	why did they choose the movie	text	They wanted to see it.	They randomly picked out the movie.	0
renting a movie	6	why did they rent a movie	text	For a party	They wanted to watch a sci fi movie.	1
renting a movie	7	Why did they pick that movie?	text	They like scifi movies.	It was a short movie.	0
renting a movie	8	have they seen the movie before?	commonsense	no	yes	0
paying bills	0	What bills are they paying?	text	Household, credit cards	Rent, Cell Phone, and Grocery	0
paying bills	1	What did they use to pay the bills?	text	The websites	credit cards	0
paying bills	3	Do they seem upset about paying their bills?	text	yes	no	1
paying bills	4	Who else pays bills like the person in the story?	commonsense	Most people	almost no one	0
paying bills	5	How did they pay their bills?	text	online	in person	0
paying bills	6	Why did the bills need to be paid on time?	commonsense	To avoid fees	for fun	0
making a hot dog	0	Who did they share the hot dog with?	commonsense	Nobody	All their friends	0
making a hot dog	1	How are they retrieving the hot dogs?	commonsense	With tongs.	With hands.	1
making a hot dog	2	How long did it take to cook the hot dog.	text	30 seconds	1 1/2 minutes.	1
making a hot dog	3	Are they grilled the hot dog?	text	No, they didn't grill it.	Yes, they cooked it on the grill.	0
making a hot dog	4	Will they cut the hot dog up?	text	Yes, they will cut it into small pieces before putting it on the hot dog bun.	No,only in half.	1
making a hot dog	5	Who is making the hot dogs?	text	The narrator	The storyteller's Mother.	0
making a hot dog	6	Was the hot dog burnt?	commonsense	No, it wasn't burnt.	Yes, it was burnt.	0
making a hot dog	7	How did they cook the hot dog?	text	In the microwave.	In the toaster oven.	0
going to a funeral	0	Were there any family there?	text	Yes, relatives attended the funeral.	No, none were there.	0
going to a funeral	1	Where was this person going?	text	To the funeral home.	A wedding	0
going to a funeral	2	Why did they go to the funeral?	text	The were friends with the deceased	Just because	0
going to a funeral	3	Who was there?	text	Friends and family	no one	0
changing bed sheets	0	Did they iron the bed sheets before putting them on?	text	no	yes	0
changing bed sheets	2	how long did it take to change the sheets?	commonsense	1 hour	Less than 20 minutes	1
changing bed sheets	3	Was it normal daily bed sheet cleaning?	text	yes	No, the baby wet herself.	1
changing bed sheets	4	Where did they put the used sheets?	text	Laundry	In the dryer	0
changing bed sheets	5	Who changed the sheets?	text	The baby's parents	the daughter	0
changing bed sheets	6	Do they ever call them linens and not sheets?	text	no	Yes, which are kept in the sheet bin	0
changing bed sheets	7	Whose bed sheets needed changing?	text	the youngest son's	The baby's	1
changing bed sheets	8	Were the old sheets dirty?	text	No, but they hadn't been changed in weeks	yes	1
changing bed sheets	9	What did they do with the old bed sheets?	text	Washed them	Threw them out	0
changing bed sheets	10	How long did they take to change the sheets?	commonsense	1 hour	25 minutes	1
cooking pasta	0	How did they drain the pasta?	text	he used a strainer	with a spaghetti spoon	0
cooking pasta	1	When did they eat the pasta?	text	At dinner	For lunch	0
cooking pasta	2	What spices did they put in the pasta?	text	garlic	Oregano, basil, salt and pepper	1
cooking pasta	3	Did someone eat the pasta they cooked?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
ironing laundry	0	Why did they need to iron the clothes?	text	he needed them to look good for work	he likes ironing	0
ironing laundry	1	Why did they turn off the iron?	commonsense	Because it got too hot	they were done using it	1
ironing laundry	2	How long did the iron take to warm up?	commonsense	Six hours.	not long	1
ironing laundry	3	What was hot?	text	the shirt	The iron	1
ironing laundry	4	how long did it take them to finish?	text	30 minutes	about 5 minutes	1
ironing laundry	5	Did the iron take a long time to heat up?	commonsense	yes	no	1
ironing laundry	6	Was the iron heavy?	commonsense	not heavy	Yes	0
preparing a picnic	0	What did they bring to drink?	text	Water, wine coolers and sports drinks.	water, soda and juice	1
preparing a picnic	1	What type of food did they pack?	text	meat, drinks and side dishes	Pasta salad only	0
changing a light bulb	0	Was it dark in the room?	commonsense	Yes	No, the speaker needed new glasses	0
changing a light bulb	1	Were they in the room when the bulb burned out?	text	No, speaker was talking on phone	Yes	1
changing a light bulb	2	Was it hard to change the light bulb?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
changing a light bulb	3	Where did they get the light bulb?	text	Living room	In the drawer	1
changing a light bulb	4	What kind of light bulb did they use?	text	150 watt bulb	100W	0
changing a light bulb	5	When did they realize the old light bulb didn't work?	text	They heard a pop	The bulb was on fire	0
changing a light bulb	6	Where do we keep the fresh light bulbs?	text	Kitchen drawer	basement	0
changing a light bulb	7	Did they have trouble changing it?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
making tea	0	How long does it take to make the tea?	text	1 hour	15 minutes	1
making tea	1	Do they make tea regularly?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making tea	2	Where did they make the tea?	text	Kitchen/home	LIVING ROOM	0
making tea	3	What type of tea did they drink?	text	Green tea	White tea	0
making tea	4	Are they drinking the tea alone?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
making tea	5	How long did it take to make a cup of tea?	text	30 minutes	approximately 15 minutes	1
making tea	6	When did they start making tea?	commonsense	When they got home from work	After they woke up	1
making tea	7	Is it hot tea or iced tea?	text	Iced tea	hot tea	1
feeding a cat	0	How long did it take between when the cat was fed in the morning and when he was fed at night?	commonsense	minutes	8 hours	1
feeding a cat	1	How did they open the food?	commonsense	with teeth	with hands	1
feeding a cat	2	What does the cat eat off of?	text	the floor	dish	1
feeding a cat	3	Were does the cat eat?	text	Outdoors	The kitchen.	1
feeding a cat	5	What kind of food did they give to the cat?	text	dry food	wet food	0
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Who was washing their hair?	text	Their mom	Themselves	1
washing one¡¯s hair	1	How long did it take them to wash their hair?	commonsense	10 minutes	It takes over an hour to wash their hair.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	What length is the hair?	text	They have long hair.	They have short hair.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Did they wash their hair in the shower?	text	Yes, they washed their hair in the shower.	No, they washed it in the sink.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did their hair smell good after washing it?	text	Yes	No.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Where did they wash their hair?	text	In the shower	in the sink	0
washing one¡¯s hair	6	What did they wash their hair with?	text	They used shampoo.	conditioner	0
washing one¡¯s hair	7	Did the shampoo create suds?	text	Yes, the shampoo made suds.	No	0
cleaning the table	0	What time of day did they clean the table?	commonsense	In the evening.	In the morning.	0
cleaning the table	1	Was it easy for them to clean the table?	commonsense	yes	no	0
cleaning the table	2	How often does the table need to be cleaned?	commonsense	When they want.	After each meal	1
cleaning the table	3	How did they decide that the table needed to be cleaned?	commonsense	It needs to be cleaned after dinner every day	They took turns.	0
cleaning the table	4	When did they start cleaning the table?	text	When dinner was finished	Before dinner	0
fueling a car	0	When did they close the gas cap?	text	After starting the car	after they fueled	1
fueling a car	1	Were there other fuel types available?	commonsense	no only premium	Yes	1
fueling a car	2	Why did they put fuel in the car?	commonsense	cars need fuel to run	they did not put fuel in the vehicle	0
fueling a car	3	How did they pay for the fuel?	text	by cash	by credit card	1
fueling a car	4	Did they pay with cash?	text	no, they didn't	Yes	0
fueling a car	5	Where did they put fuel in the car?	text	In the fuel tank of the vehicle	On the seat	0
paying bills	0	How many stamps did they use?	commonsense	None, they paid over the phone	Four	0
paying bills	1	How many bills do they have?	text	1	6	0
paying bills	2	What bills needed to be paid?	text	Electric bill	Gas bill	0
paying bills	3	What type of bills are they paying?	text	water	electricity	1
paying bills	4	Are they paying their bills on time?	text	No.	yes	1
paying bills	5	How did they pay there bills?	text	Over the phone	with a check	0
paying bills	6	When were the bills due?	commonsense	within the month	next month	0
paying bills	7	Where are they paying the bills?	text	Over the phone from home	at the office	0
paying bills	8	Were there paper receipts for paying the bills?	commonsense	There were none.	yes	0
mailing a letter	0	Why were they mailing the letter?	text	They had a pen pal at jail.	They had received one.	1
mailing a letter	1	How many stamps did they use?	text	Two stamps.	One stamp.	1
mailing a letter	2	What did they do before they mailed the letter?	text	They went and ate at a restaurant.	they wrote their address and their friend's address on the envelope	1
mailing a letter	3	Who mailed the letter?	text	the office clerk	the narrator	1
mailing a letter	4	How long did it take them to write the entire letter?	commonsense	little while	Years	0
mailing a letter	5	To whom did they write the letter to?	text	Their friend	A parent	0
mailing a letter	6	Why did they write the letter?	text	To respond to their teacher who wrote a letter	They want to respond back.	1
mailing a letter	7	How did they send the letter?	text	by sending it through an email.	By mail.	1
shopping online	0	What website did they go to to buy the item?	text	EBay.com	They used Amazon.com	1
shopping online	1	How did they pay for it?	commonsense	credit card	cash	0
shopping online	2	How long did it take to be delivered?	text	2 weeks	It will take 5-7 business days.	1
shopping online	3	Had they ordered online before?	commonsense	No, this was their first time.	Yes, they ordered online before.	1
shopping online	4	What website did they shop on?	text	EBay.com	They were on Amazon.	1
changing a light bulb	0	What was the light bulb in?	text	a closet	A package.	1
changing a light bulb	1	How many people changed the light bulb?	text	One person.	Two people.	0
changing a light bulb	2	Which room needed the new light bulb?	text	bathroom	The kitchen.	1
changing a light bulb	3	Who changed the light bulb?	text	The speaker	A repairman	0
changing a light bulb	4	Where did they get a new light bulb?	text	From the junk drawer.	From the garage.	0
changing a light bulb	5	Where did they get the light bulb?	text	From the junk drawer.	bathroom counter	0
changing a light bulb	6	Did the light bulb pop when it burned out?	text	no, it flickered	yes	0
changing a light bulb	7	How long did it take to screw in the light bulb?	commonsense	6 hours	Less than 15 minutes	1
changing a light bulb	8	How did they reach the light?	text	They used a step ladder.	stepstool	0
changing a light bulb	9	Where was the old light bulb?	text	In the light in the bedroom	In the kitchen fixture	1
changing a light bulb	10	What did the use to reach the light?	text	a chair	Hand after stepping on ladder	1
taking a shower	0	What did they use to apply the soap to their body?	text	washcloth	puff	1
taking a shower	1	Where were they taking a shower?	text	bathroom	in the bedroom	0
taking a shower	2	Did they just enjoy standing under the shower head or immediately soap up?	text	they immediately soaped up	they enjoyed standing under the shower head	1
taking a shower	3	Did they shower alone?	commonsense	no husband there	Yes	1
taking a shower	4	How hot was the shower water?	text	cool	just right	1
taking a shower	5	How long were they in the shower?	commonsense	A few minutes.	An hour.	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Where did they go?	text	They didn't go anywhere	They went to Canada	0
planning a holiday trip	1	How many people are going on the trip?	text	Two	four	0
planning a holiday trip	2	Where will they be going?	text	Cabo San Lucas, Mexico	Los Angeles, California	0
planning a holiday trip	3	How would they get there?	text	Airplane	drive	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Where are they going to be staying?	text	A person's house	A resort	1
planning a holiday trip	5	When will they be leaving on holiday?	text	around the winter holidays	June	0
planning a holiday trip	6	Who is going on the trip?	text	He and his girlfriend	His mom and dad	0
planning a holiday trip	7	When did they plan the trip for?	text	holiday time, either Christmas or Thanksgiving time	next June	0
going dancing	0	When did they leave the house?	text	9:30pm	8:30pm	0
going dancing	1	Where did they go dancing?	text	at a disco	Their favorite club downtown	1
going dancing	2	Who did they go dancing with?	text	their boyfriend	their college friends	0
going dancing	3	How long where they dancing ?	text	a few minutes	for a few hours	1
going dancing	4	Did they enjoy the dancing?	text	no	Yes, it was a really fun night	1
going dancing	5	Who did they dance with?	text	themselves	a group of friends	0
going dancing	6	Who was standing at the entrance to the club?	text	Bouncer	DJ	0
visiting a museum	0	Which museum did they go to ?	text	hands on science museum	dinosaur museum	0
visiting a museum	1	Did they eat lunch while at the museum?	text	Yes, they ate lunch.	No, they ate at school.	0
visiting a museum	2	Why did they end up going to the museum ?	text	Because they had a coupon.	to see science exhibits	1
visiting a museum	3	Why did they bring along the people they did?	text	they were in class together	it was family	0
visiting a museum	4	Why did they go to the museum?	text	as a punishment	to learn	1
visiting a museum	5	Who came with them to the museum?	text	5th grade class and chaperones	No one went with them.	0
going to a funeral	0	Why was there a funeral?	text	Someone had died	To practice how to hold a funeral	0
going to a funeral	1	Who will lead the funeral service	text	Uncle	The vicar	1
going to a funeral	2	Did people say nice things about the deceased?	text	Yes they did.	No, no one liked the deceased	0
going to a funeral	3	Why did they go to the funeral?	text	To pay respects to someone who had died	For the free food	0
going to a funeral	4	Did they eat any of the food?	commonsense	No	They have a meal after the funeral so presumably, yes	1
going to a funeral	5	Who's holding the funeral?	text	nobody	The family of the dead person	1
working in the garden	0	Who helped them work in the garden?	text	No one, they worked alone.	her dad	0
working in the garden	1	Why did they bring plenty of water to the garden?	commonsense	she was thirsty	To water the vegetable plants.	1
working in the garden	2	What did they plant?	text	fruits	A lot of vegetables.	1
working in the garden	3	Who worked in the garden?	text	The person telling the story.	Their friends worked in the garden.	0
flying in a plane	0	Was this the first time they've flown with the airline?	text	first ever flight	No	0
flying in a plane	1	Who took the flight?	text	the author	three brothers	0
flying in a plane	2	Why can't they bring liquids on board	commonsense	security rules	might get spilled	0
ironing laundry	0	did the finished product look nice?	commonsense	Yes, no wrinkles.	No, it was still wrinkled.	0
ironing laundry	1	Why did they need to be careful?	commonsense	the clothes were expensive	because the iron is hot	1
ironing laundry	2	Do they always iron the laundry?	text	they always iron some types of clothes	no	0
ironing laundry	3	Who was using the iron?	text	the author	their mom	0
ironing laundry	4	were the clothes dirty or clean?	text	Clean	Dirty	0
ironing laundry	5	How long did they iron?	commonsense	Until it was all done!	They did half the ironing and then gave up for the day.	0
ironing laundry	6	Why did they put water in the iron?	commonsense	to add steam heat	To pour on the clothes after ironing.	0
throwing a party	0	How many people were at the party?	commonsense	Just one other.	Several.	1
throwing a party	1	How did the party go?	text	It was a sad time.	They had a good time.	1
throwing a party	2	Did people have fun at the party?	commonsense	No, everyone got food poisoning.	yes	1
cleaning the table	0	Where was this dirty table?	commonsense	Dining room	Living room	0
cleaning the table	1	is the dining room table cleaned?	text	No	Yes	1
cleaning the table	2	Who cleaned the table?	commonsense	The maid.	the author	1
cleaning the table	3	Where did they put the dishes?	text	in the garbage	Either in the kitchen sink or the dishwasher	1
cleaning the table	4	What was on the table?	text	a dog	dishes from a meal	1
cleaning the table	5	Why are they cleaning the table?	text	there were books on it	They have just finished a meal.	1
playing a movie	0	Where were they playing the movie?	text	In the school library	in the classroom	1
playing a movie	1	Did they have snacks while they watched the movie?	text	No.	yes	1
playing a movie	2	Why did they pick that movie?	commonsense	teacher thought the students would like it	a student brought it	0
playing a movie	3	Where did they watch the movie?	text	in the classroom	In the school auditorium.	0
playing a movie	4	Did they like the movie they played?	commonsense	The children were noisy and didn't like the movie.	yes	1
playing a movie	5	When did they play the movie?	text	The first day of school.	on the last day of school	1
playing a movie	6	What button did they push to start the movie?	commonsense	The stop button.	The play button.	1
playing a movie	7	Who was watching the movie?	text	principal	1st grade students	1
making breakfast	0	How did the food taste?	text	it was great	it was terrible	0
making breakfast	1	Where did they cook breakfast?	text	Their home.	In the backyard.	0
making breakfast	2	Was it a special occasion?	text	Yes,their birthday.	No,just a weekend.	1
making breakfast	3	Where was the breakfast made?	commonsense	At the neighbors.	At home.	1
making breakfast	4	What meats did they use?	text	steaks	None	1
making breakfast	5	Why were they eating breakfast together?	commonsense	They are family.	Parents' anniversary.	0
writing a letter	0	Where did they write the letter?	text	The narrators desk	Kitchen table	0
writing a letter	1	What did they use to write the letter?	text	pen and paper	Pencil	0
writing a letter	2	Was the letter written with a pen?	text	No, it wasn't.	Yes, it was.	1
writing a letter	3	Why are they writing a letter?	text	The person was upset with their grandma	To brighten their Grandma's day.	1
writing a letter	4	What was used to write the letter?	text	a sheet of paper and a pen	computer	0
writing a letter	5	How did they send out the letter?	text	Mailbox	It was emailed	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Who was getting married?	text	Their friend and band mate.	the elder	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Where did everyone go after the wedding?	text	a hotel	party at bride's house	1
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Why did they go to the ceremony?	text	For a bridal party	to see friend get married	1
shopping online	0	when is their stuff supposed to arrive?	text	2 days	5 days.	1
shopping online	1	who shopped online?	text	them	Their mom.	0
shopping online	2	Had they ordered online before?	commonsense	yes	no	0
shopping online	3	Who was the stuff for?	text	The dad.	the narrator.	1
shopping online	5	How long were they online?	commonsense	not long	A few days	0
shopping online	6	What did they buy?	text	cell phone	a computer	0
shopping online	7	Who selected the things they were buying?	text	the father	the narrator.	1
shopping online	8	Have they ever ordered online before?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planning a holiday trip	0	How did they plan to get to their holiday destination?	text	By driving.	By flying.	0
planning a holiday trip	1	Why did they pick the state?	text	they had never been West of Boston	.it was a coin toss	0
planning a holiday trip	2	What will they need to bring?	commonsense	it didn't say.	clothing, money, some food	1
planning a holiday trip	3	Where will they be staying?	text	Hotel in PA	New York	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Will they need warm or cold weather clothes?	commonsense	warm weather clothes	cold weather clothes	1
planning a holiday trip	5	Do people speak a foreign language where they visited?	commonsense	Yes, they speak Portuguese	No, it is NY	1
planning a holiday trip	6	Why do they need a holiday?	text	Everyone had separate plans for Thanksgiving so they took a vacation instead	they were bored	0
changing a baby diaper	0	How did the baby behave after the diaper was changed?	commonsense	Calm and happy	crying	0
changing a baby diaper	1	where do they put the dirty diapers?	text	kitchen trashcan	in the diaper pail	1
changing a baby diaper	2	How long did it take to change the diaper?	commonsense	half hour	A few minutes	1
changing a baby diaper	3	How long did the baby have a dirty diaper?	commonsense	Not for very long	All day	0
changing a baby diaper	4	Why did the baby's diaper need to be changed?	text	It was bedtime	because it was soiled	1
changing a baby diaper	5	Why was the baby happy once their diaper had been changed?	commonsense	because she liked not wearing a diaper	Because she felt clean and fresh	1
changing a baby diaper	6	Did they throw away the old diaper?	text	Yes	No	0
changing a baby diaper	7	Who helped them change the baby's diaper?	text	The other parent helped	Nobody helped	1
changing a baby diaper	8	How did they get the baby to stop crying?	text	they changed the baby's diaper	played with her	0
going on a date	0	Did they enjoy their date?	text	No, they did not.	Yes, they did.	1
going on a date	1	Did they have fun on the date?	text	no, they argued	Yes, they did.	1
going on a date	2	Were they going to double-date with some other couple?	commonsense	No, they went alone.	Yes, they picked up their friends and they came with them on a double date.	0
going on a date	3	Will they go on another date?	commonsense	No.	yes	1
going on a date	4	Did they decide whether they wanted to go on another date?	text	Yes, they decided to do it again.	No, they didn't wanna go on another date.	0
going on a date	5	Is the date at the new restaurant?	text	No, they went to a concert.	Yes, they went to an Italian restaurant.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Where did they eat?	text	fast food restaurant	home	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Where was the ketchup dispenser?	text	at the table	on the front counter	1
writing a letter	0	What was the reason for writing?	text	Thank you note.	To thank him for the cupcakes	0
writing a letter	1	When did they get the stationary?	text	After deciding to write the letter	Next day.	0
writing a letter	2	When did they start writing the letter?	text	after came home	in uncle house	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Did they visit any tourist attractions?	commonsense	yes	no	0
planning a holiday trip	1	Who chose the destination?	text	they	their daughters	0
planning a holiday trip	2	What will they need to bring?	commonsense	clothes, money, food, camera	nothing, they will buy everything they need	0
planning a holiday trip	3	Why were they traveling?	text	their daughters' birthdays	It's for their anniversary.	0
planning a holiday trip	4	Who planned the trip?	text	the soccer team	they	1
planning a holiday trip	5	How did they plan to get to their holiday destination?	commonsense	Fly	Drive	1
planning a holiday trip	6	Do they need to do any shopping for the trip?	commonsense	no	yes	1
working in the garden	0	Where is the garden located?	text	In a community garden	At the storytellers house	1
working in the garden	1	Was the garden at their house?	text	Yes it was	No it was not	0
working in the garden	2	Who worked in the garden?	text	my mom	The person telling the story	1
working in the garden	3	Whose garden did they work in?	text	Their sister's garden	Their own garden	1
working in the garden	4	How did they work on the garden?	text	weeding and planting	picking vegetables	0
working in the garden	5	Were they working alone in the garden?	text	yes	no	0
visiting relatives	0	Who was there?	text	Tom Melissa, their parents, grandma	All their cousins	0
visiting relatives	1	For how long did they decide to stay at their relatives' place?	text	for the rest of the month	for two years	0
visiting relatives	2	Where did they sleep while they were visiting their relatives?	commonsense	At their aunt's	spare bedroom	1
visiting relatives	3	When did they leave town to go visit?	text	late at night	In the morning in summertime	1
visiting relatives	4	How pleasant was the visit?	commonsense	not pleasant	Fun and happy	1
visiting relatives	5	What did they eat with them?	text	snacks	steaks	0
visiting relatives	6	Why did they pick that time to visit their family?	text	no school	they wanted to see the store	0
visiting relatives	7	Where did they go?	text	Alaska	To visit their grandma in New York	1
visiting relatives	8	Why did they choose that time to go?	text	it was snowing	no school	1
making breakfast	0	What did they cook for breakfast?	text	Eggs and grapefruit juice	They made toast.	1
making breakfast	1	What did they drink with breakfast?	text	Orange juice.	milk	0
making breakfast	2	what did they make?	text	apple juice	toasted bread and orange juice	1
making breakfast	3	What kind of drink do they like with breakfast?	text	milkshakes	orange juice	1
making breakfast	4	Did everybody enjoy the breakfast?	text	Yes, they all enjoyed it.	No, they hated it.	0
making breakfast	5	When did they eat?	text	evening	morning	1
making breakfast	6	When did they make breakfast?	commonsense	At night.	In the morning.	1
making breakfast	7	How big was the breakfast?	commonsense	small	extremely large	0
making coffee	0	Who made the coffee?	text	The author	Barista	0
making coffee	1	What did they add to their coffee?	text	Only sugar	Cream and sugar	1
making coffee	2	Were they tired and in need of a lift?	text	yes	no need to feel relaxed	1
making coffee	3	How was the coffee made?	text	by machine	In a coffee pot	0
making coffee	4	How many cups did they make ?	text	1 20oz	2 10oz	0
making coffee	5	Who was brewing coffee?	text	the author	The dentist	0
making coffee	6	Was the coffee too strong?	text	yes	no	0
making coffee	7	Were they at home or someplace else?	text	Someplace else	home	0
making coffee	8	Why coffee and not tea?	text	They prefer coffee when they want to relax	Out of tea.	0
making a camping trip	0	How was the bonfire made?	text	Just sticks	with sticks, newspaper and a lighter	1
making a camping trip	1	do they have all the supplies?	text	no they forgot things	Yes everything on the list	1
making a camping trip	2	Did they plan for hiking?	text	no they didn't	yes they planned	1
making a camping trip	3	Why are they going camping?	commonsense	They have to	For fun	1
making a camping trip	4	Did they to take hunting materials?	text	No	Yes	0
making a camping trip	5	Who went camping?	commonsense	The father	the author of the story	1
going to the swimming pool	0	Was the pool public?	text	yes	no	1
going to the swimming pool	1	Did they drive to the pool?	text	no	yes	1
going to the swimming pool	2	Who all went to the pool?	text	The narrator and her boyfriend	eight girls	0
going to the swimming pool	3	Why did they hesitate to get in the water?	text	Needed to get used to the temperature	it was too cold to go swimming	0
playing tennis	0	Did they play in the morning or in the evening?	text	Neither, in the afternoon	Morning	0
playing tennis	1	Did they have fun?	text	yes	No, it's too hard	0
playing tennis	2	What time of day were they playing tennis?	text	Afternoon.	Morning.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Did they use hot water to wash their hair?	commonsense	yes	no	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	Why did they get their hair washed?	commonsense	they wanted to have clean hair for when they went out	they wanted dirty hair	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Did they color their hair before they washed it?	commonsense	Yes, before they stepped in the shower.	No they did not.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Where did they wash their hair?	text	in the toilet	Bathroom	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did their hair smell good afterwards?	commonsense	no	yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	What time of day did they wash their hair?	commonsense	In the morning.	early evening	1
washing one¡¯s hair	6	How long did it take?	commonsense	A few hours.	a few minutes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	7	When did they was their hair?	text	this morning	last night	1
putting up a painting	0	Why did they choose that location for the painting?	commonsense	They thought it would look nice there.	They thought it would look good in the kitchen.	0
putting up a painting	1	Will they need a hammer or screwdriver to put in the nails or screws?	text	Yes they will need a hammer for the nails.	They used a screwdriver and screws	0
putting up a painting	2	How many paintings were being hung up?	text	1	2	0
putting up a painting	3	Where did they put the painting?	text	bathroom	In their dining room.	1
putting up a painting	4	Why did they choose that painting rather than another one?	text	it could be nice	It was on sale	0
borrowing a book from the library	0	Why did they want to read that particular book?	text	Full of helpful information	They wanted to read it for fun	0
borrowing a book from the library	1	How many books did they get?	text	Two	One.	1
borrowing a book from the library	2	Did somebody else go to the library with them?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
borrowing a book from the library	3	Why did they get books at the library?	text	For information on lions	To do a report	1
borrowing a book from the library	4	Did they ask the librarian anything?	text	Where to find books on lions	Yes.	1
borrowing a book from the library	5	Did they need anything to borrow the book?	text	Money	Their library card	1
borrowing a book from the library	6	Why did the book interest them?	text	It has imaginary stories	It was exactly what they needed	1
borrowing a book from the library	7	why did they need to borrow a book?	text	A friend asked for it	To do a report on tigers	1
borrowing a book from the library	8	Was the library a quiet place?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
making omelette	0	Who cooked the omelette?	text	their mom	narrator	1
making omelette	1	How long did it take to make?	commonsense	a little while	One second	0
making omelette	2	Was the omelette overcooked?	commonsense	no	yes	0
making omelette	3	Why did they heat the pan first?	commonsense	so the eggs would stick to the pan	to cook the egg faster	1
making omelette	4	Where did they cook the food?	commonsense	in the kitchen	the bathroom	0
making omelette	5	What cutlery did they use to eat the omelette?	commonsense	fork and knife	a spoon or spork	0
making omelette	6	Why did they use the stove to cook the omelette?	commonsense	Proper method and works	the oven was broken	0
making omelette	7	Why did they put butter in the pan before the eggs?	text	To coat the pan so the eggs would not stick	to make the eggs stick to the pan	0
making omelette	8	When was the omelette made?	text	this morning	last night	0
making omelette	9	Who made the omelette?	text	narrator	his daughter	0
making omelette	10	Why did the person making the omelette fold it over before taking it out of the pan?	commonsense	To keep it in the pan	Omelettes are normally cooked and served this way	1
going on a train	0	Why did they travel by train?	text	The speaker always wanted to try a train ride.	They had to take the train because all the flights were booked.	0
throwing a party	0	What did they have to do to prepare for the party?	text	buy a cake	Get supplies at the party store and decorate.	1
throwing a party	1	Was there a DJ or a band?	commonsense	No.	Yes	0
throwing a party	2	Was the party for a celebration?	text	Yes, TV premiere	No.	0
making toasted bread	0	For how long did they toast their bread?	text	30-40 seconds and possibly an additional 15 to 20 seconds	More than five minutes.	0
making toasted bread	1	Where do you put the slices of bread into the toaster?	text	into the slots on the top of the toaster	in the bottom	0
making toasted bread	2	How long did toasting take?	text	More than five minutes.	30 to 45 seconds with a possibility of an extra 15 to 20 seconds	1
making toasted bread	3	Did they butter the bread?	text	yes	no	0
making toasted bread	4	How long does the bread go in the toaster for?	text	More than five minutes.	45 seconds-1 minute	1
making toasted bread	5	Where are they toasting the bread?	commonsense	Kitchen	the bathroom	0
making toasted bread	6	do they have a toaster?	text	No	Yes	1
making toasted bread	7	How long do they have to wait for it to toast?	text	30 to 45 seconds	More than five minutes.	0
making toasted bread	8	Did they put it on a plate or a napkin?	commonsense	bowl	Plate	1
making toasted bread	9	Did they put the bread on a plate?	commonsense	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
cooking pasta	0	Why were they cooking the pasta?	text	friends were coming over	for lunch	0
cooking pasta	1	What spices did they put in the pasta?	text	they just served it with butter	they put sauce on it after it was drained	1
cooking pasta	2	What kind of pasta were they making?	text	Spaghetti and sauce.	Penne with alfredo sauce	0
cooking pasta	3	Where were they cooking the pasta?	commonsense	in a restaurant	at home	1
cooking pasta	4	Did they add any spices to the pasta?	text	no just plain	no, they added sauce	1
cooking pasta	5	What color was the pasta?	commonsense	red	Yellow.	1
cooking pasta	6	have they made pasta before?	commonsense	yes	no this is the first time	0
cooking pasta	7	Why did they turn on the stove?	text	they did not turn on the stove	to fix the meal	1
cooking pasta	8	How long did it take for the water to boil?	commonsense	half an hour	I would say 10 minutes or so from personal experience	1
cooking pasta	9	How long did it take for the pasta to cook?	text	One hour.	Eight minutes.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	How long did it take to cook the food?	text	5 minutes or so	30 minutes or so	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Did they get a drink?	commonsense	No, they did not.	Yes,they got combos.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Who took their order?	text	Cashier.	Waitress.	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	3	Was anyone with them?	text	No.	Their friends.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	4	Was the restaurant busy when they went?	text	No, not busy.	Yes,very busy.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	5	Did they go alone or with someone?	text	They went with someone.	Alone	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	6	What is the name of the restaurant?	text	Chick-fil-A	Burger King.	0
doing laundry	0	What machine was used first to do laundry?	commonsense	Dryer	Washing machine	1
doing laundry	1	why did they do the laundry that day?	commonsense	to have clean clothes	they didn't do laundry	0
cleaning the shower	0	who cleaned the shower?	text	The husband	Their wife	0
cleaning the shower	1	Did they clean the rest of the bathroom?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
cleaning the shower	2	Was the cleaner getting paid to clean the shower?	commonsense	Yes	No.	1
cleaning the shower	3	what happened to the shower?	text	Rusted.	Dirty from daily use.	1
cleaning the shower	4	What did they use to clean the shower?	text	Cleaner	Dirt	0
cleaning the shower	5	How did they get stuck cleaning the shower?	text	For guests	They just did it for no reason.	0
cleaning the shower	6	What kind of brush did they use to clean the shower walls?	text	A toilet brush	hair brush	0
cleaning the shower	7	What was the main reason they were cleaning the shower at that time?	text	House guests	They were in trouble	0
washing dishes	0	What kind of soap are they using to wash the dishes?	text	Bar soap	dish washing soap	1
washing dishes	1	Did they wash the dishes in the kitchen?	commonsense	No, they washed them in the garage sink.	Yes	1
washing dishes	2	why do they wash the dishes	text	they are dirty	Because they needed a clean cup	0
washing dishes	3	How long did it normally take to wash the dishes?	commonsense	All afternoon	About 20 minutes	1
washing dishes	4	Who helped to dry the dishes?	commonsense	Nobody helped	Their girlfriend helped	0
washing dishes	5	Did anyone help them wash the dishes?	text	No, they did it alone.	Yes	0
washing dishes	6	Were they in a house?	commonsense	No, they were at a hotel.	Yes	1
cooking fish	0	What did they use to season the fish?	text	salt and pepper	A fresh lemon	1
cooking fish	1	Where were they going to cook the fish?	text	at the store	At home	1
cooking fish	2	Where did they get the fish?	text	the fish store	from the frozen food isle	1
cooking fish	3	Who cooked the fish?	text	dad	Speaker's mother	1
cooking fish	4	Was this being cooked for dinner?	text	no	yes	1
renovating a room	0	Were they successful.	text	NO	YES	1
renovating a room	1	What is the most different in the room?	commonsense	the floor and walls	The floor is wood instead of carpet	0
renovating a room	2	Where did they renovate?	text	A room in their apartment.	a room in their house	0
renovating a room	3	Who renovated the room?	text	Two friends	A married couple	1
renovating a room	4	Why did they buy cans of paint?	text	To paint the ceiling of the room	To paint the walls of the room	1
renovating a room	5	Who was the person working on the room?	text	landlord	A married couple	1
sending party invitations	0	What type of invitations were they?	text	Valentines Day Party	birthday party invitations	1
sending party invitations	1	What did they use to make the invitations?	text	Construction paper.	store bought cards	1
sending party invitations	2	Why are they sending out invitations?	text	Christmas party	her 10th birthday	1
making a bed	0	How did it look afterwards?	text	Nice.	it was still messy	0
making a bed	1	What time did they make it?	text	Morning.	In the afternoon.	0
making a bed	2	Did they use new sheets to make the bed?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	1
making a bed	3	Whose bed was being made?	text	Their own	The storyteller's neighbor's bed.	0
making a bed	4	Why did they make the bed?	text	Because it was a mess.	it was wash day	0
mowing the lawn	0	When did the grass get mowed?	text	weekday	Saturday	1
mowing the lawn	1	How was the weather when the lawn was getting mowed?	commonsense	rainy	beautiful / sunny	1
mowing the lawn	2	Why did they mow the grass?	commonsense	It had grown to almost reach the porch.	they were leaving soon for a long time	0
mowing the lawn	3	Is it easy to mow the lawn?	commonsense	yes only took minutes	no, they had to do it several times to get it the right length	1
mowing the lawn	4	How did they get the lawnmower to the lawn?	commonsense	Carried it.	Pushing	1
mowing the lawn	5	Is the grass fun to walk on?	commonsense	yes, very soft	No to long	1
mowing the lawn	6	Did anyone help?	text	they did the front yard their kids did the back yard	no	1
mowing the lawn	7	Did they do a good job?	commonsense	no	yes	1
mowing the lawn	8	Was the mower loud?	commonsense	yes	no	0
ironing laundry	0	Who did the ironing?	text	the husband	the wife	0
ironing laundry	1	when did they start ironing?	text	after wash	when the iron screamed	0
ironing laundry	2	Did they do the ironing in a laundry room?	text	no	yes	0
ironing laundry	3	how did the shirt get pressed?	text	by iron stream	weight lay down on shirt	0
ironing laundry	4	How did the laundry look after being ironed?	text	nicer	worse than before	0
ironing laundry	5	where is the ironing board?	text	in the bathroom	in the laundry room	0
ironing laundry	6	Why did they iron?	text	their clothes were wrinkled so they needed it	they like to iron	0
wrapping a gift	0	did they wrap the gift for a holiday?	text	yes	no	0
wrapping a gift	1	Why did they wrap it?	text	It was a Christmas gift	for their birthday	0
wrapping a gift	2	When will the present be given?	commonsense	birthday	Christmas	1
wrapping a gift	3	Who bought the present?	commonsense	their mom	the narrator	1
wrapping a gift	4	Who received the gift?	text	their grandfather	their mom	1
wrapping a gift	5	What did they use to cut the wrapping?	text	scissors	knife	0
wrapping a gift	6	Was the gift in a box?	text	no	yes	1
wrapping a gift	7	Who wrapped the gift?	text	Mom	story teller	1
making a shopping list	0	What did they write the list on?	text	A small piece of paper.	Hand	0
making a shopping list	1	Who wrote the list?	commonsense	Author	A friend	0
making a shopping list	2	Did they make it before going to the store?	text	Yes, they made the list just before going to the store.	No, they made it while at the store.	0
making a shopping list	3	Did anyone else see the list?	commonsense	Yes, someone went shopping with them.	Most likely not	1
making a shopping list	4	Did they give the list to anyone?	commonsense	No, they made the list for themselves.	Yes, they made the list for their wife.	0
making a shopping list	5	What is on the list?	text	onions, chicken, eggs, milk, bread, frozen vegetables	Items to buy at the store.	1
making a shopping list	6	Did they get everything on the list?	text	No, they forgot a few things.	Yes, they found everything on the list.	1
making a shopping list	7	How many items were on the list?	text	7 things.	20 things.	0
painting a wall	0	Did they paint the walls more than one color?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
painting a wall	1	Was more than one color used?	text	no	yes	1
painting a wall	2	How man people are painting?	text	2	around 130	1
painting a wall	3	Did the painter have to do anything before starting?	text	no	decide what to paint	1
painting a wall	4	Why was a specific color used to color the wall?	text	white primer was used as a base	rainbow colored wall was pretty	0
painting a wall	5	What color did they paint?	text	Black	Pink	1
putting up a painting	0	Where was the painting being hung?	text	Over the sofa	in the bedroom above the bed	0
putting up a painting	1	Did they buy it from a store?	text	yes	No.	0
putting up a painting	2	When did they put the painting up?	commonsense	As soon as they got home.	After they cleared a spot.	1
putting up a painting	3	how long did it take to put up?	commonsense	not long	a few days	0
putting up a painting	4	when did they put up the painting?	text	a couple of weeks after they bought the painting	Right after they bought it	1
putting up a painting	5	Do they need a ladder to hang the painting?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
putting up a painting	6	Were they pleased with this painting?	text	No.	Yes	1
putting up a painting	7	Why did they only buy one to put up on their wall?	commonsense	they had a bare wall	There wasn't a lot of room.	1
putting up a painting	8	Where are they putting the painting up at?	text	Over the sofa	in the bathroom	0
putting up a painting	9	Why did the painting fall down at first?	commonsense	the nail fell out	It did not fall	1
setting the dining table	0	How many chairs are there around the table?	commonsense	presume at least 5	Six	0
setting the dining table	1	How many forks are by each plate?	text	two	one	1
setting the dining table	2	When was the silverware put on the table?	text	before dinner was served	Right away.	0
setting the dining table	3	Who is setting the table?	text	narrator	My husband did.	0
setting the dining table	4	Where is the dinner at?	commonsense	At a restaurant	at home	1
setting the dining table	5	When did they set the table?	commonsense	in the early evening.	after dinner	0
setting the dining table	6	Who set the table?	text	the dad	narrator	1
setting the dining table	7	How long did it take to set the table?	commonsense	about an hour	not long, maybe 10 min tops	1
setting the dining table	8	Did they set the table for guests?	text	no, their family only	yes, for guests	0
setting the dining table	9	What supplies were needed for setting the table ?	text	tablecloth, and napkins, ketchup, mustard	plates, silverware, cups and napkins	1
setting the dining table	10	Why are they setting the table?	text	setting it for dinner.	for lunch	0
boiling milk	0	When did they get the milk out of the fridge?	commonsense	After they found the instructions	After it was in the pot.	0
boiling milk	1	What kind of heat did they use?	commonsense	hot heat	Medium heat	1
boiling milk	2	What happened to the milk?	text	the milk boiled	it was baked	0
boiling milk	3	How did they get the milk out of the pot?	commonsense	poured it out	Took it out with a spoon.	0
boiling milk	4	Will they wear goggles while boiling the milk?	commonsense	No they wont use goggles	yes they will use goggles	0
boiling milk	5	Were they in a house or a restaurant?	commonsense	Restaurant	House	1
boiling milk	6	Did the milk boil out of the pan?	commonsense	yes	no	1
boiling milk	7	When did they turn on the stove?	commonsense	After they poured the milk in a pot and set it on the stove	before taking the milk out the refrigerator.	0
calling 911	0	When did they call 911?	text	When their friend collapsed	After lunch	0
calling 911	1	Did they call 911 on purpose?	text	No	yes, someone fainted	1
calling 911	2	From where did they call 911?	text	From the shopping mall	From home	0
calling 911	3	How long did it take for someone to respond?	text	A few hours	A few minutes	1
calling 911	4	Why did the people in the ambulance take them to the hospital?	text	they wanted to go for a ride	someone fainted	1
calling 911	5	Who was the person who was hurt?	text	a friend of the narrator	Neighbor	0
calling 911	6	Was someone the victim of a crime?	text	No	Yes	0
calling 911	7	Who answered the phone?	text	The receptionist	The ambulance driver	0
calling 911	8	Where were they?	text	At the beach	At the shopping mall	1
calling 911	9	When did the 911 operator pick up?	commonsense	After an hour	Straight away	1
calling 911	0	Who was the person who was hurt?	text	Their friend	The person calling 911.	0
calling 911	1	When did this happen?	text	yesterday	During the day	1
calling 911	2	Who called 911?	text	The narrator	The golf instructor	0
calling 911	3	How long did it take before the 911 call was answered?	commonsense	a few seconds	on hold for several minutes	0
calling 911	4	How did the accident occur?	text	carelessness in the sun	He was struck in the head with a golf ball.	0
calling 911	5	Did they call 911 on purpose?	text	Yes, to help their friend.	No, it was an accident.	0
calling 911	6	Was there a violent incident involved?	text	yes	no	1
calling 911	7	Where was the person who was hurt?	text	golf course	At the club house	0
calling 911	8	Who needed assistance?	text	Their friend	his father	0
calling 911	9	Where were they when the accident happened?	text	While having beverages	While golfing	1
calling 911	10	Who was with the injured person?	text	several friends	His family	0
vacuuming the carpet	0	Did the carpet look dirty before they started?	text	yes	No.	0
vacuuming the carpet	1	What is the vacuum doing?	text	Cleaning.	The vacuum washes up any dirt or crumbs that are in the carpet, making it nice and clean.	0
vacuuming the carpet	2	Was the carpet very dirty?	text	yes	A little dirty.	0
vacuuming the carpet	3	Who did the vacuuming?	text	Maid.	they	1
vacuuming the carpet	4	Where did they empty the filter?	text	Dump.	in the garbage	1
vacuuming the carpet	5	When did they put the vacuum away?	commonsense	when they were done	the next day	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	how long did it take them to get it out of the can?	commonsense	a couple of minutes	not long	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	who took the garbage?	text	the neighbor	the narrator	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Did the garbage bag not fit properly?	text	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	Who changed the garbage bag?	text	the narrator	their mother	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Did they have help changing the garbage bags?	text	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	how long did it take them to find the new bags?	commonsense	not long	hours	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	Why did they change the garbage bag?	text	It was smelly	It was full	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Was the garbage bag full?	text	no	yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	Where did they get the garbage bags from?	text	the cabinet	the garage	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	9	Did someone tell them to change the trash bags?	text	no	yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	10	How long did it take for them to change the garbage bags out?	commonsense	few minutes	days	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	11	How did they remove the bag?	text	with their hands	dumped it on the ground	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	12	How full was the garbage bag when it was replaced?	text	very	half empty	0
taking a driving lesson	0	Did anyone else take the lesson with them?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a driving lesson	1	how many cars did they drive?	commonsense	1	6	0
taking a driving lesson	2	Who else was in the car?	text	the instructor	A dog	0
taking a driving lesson	3	Why did they need to take a driving lesson?	commonsense	For work	Helps the storyteller become a better driver	1
taking a driving lesson	4	Who was there with them?	commonsense	Instructor	a clown and a turtle	0
taking a driving lesson	5	Did they need to go to more lessons?	text	Yes, the storyteller will come again to do other lessons	No, the storyteller knows how to drive now	0
taking a driving lesson	6	Did they learn about accidents?	commonsense	no	yes	0
sending party invitations	0	How did they mail the invitations?	text	They sent the invitations through email	In the mailbox	1
sending party invitations	1	Why are they sending out invitations?	text	Because they are getting married.	for their kid's birthday party	1
sending party invitations	2	Why are they throwing a party?	text	For a Christmas party	For their kids' birthdays	1
sending party invitations	3	Why were the party invitations sent out?	text	So people would have all the information.	For a Halloween party	0
sending party invitations	4	Who sent the invitations?	text	The narrator	Their kids	0
sending party invitations	5	Who sent out the invitations?	text	Their kids	The narrator	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	Did they use conditioner?	text	No conditioner.	Yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	1	What did they wash their hair with?	text	Only shampoo or only conditioner	Shampoo and conditioner	1
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Did they wash their hair in the sink?	text	Yes	No.	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Why did they wash their hair?	text	it was clean	it was dirty	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	how long did it take to wash their hair?	commonsense	2 hours	Around 15 minutes.	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	How did their hair feel after they washed it?	commonsense	Dirty	Clean	1
washing one¡¯s hair	6	Did they style their hair after they washed it?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	0	How do they wash their hair?	text	far too overzealous. She scrubs hard but that damages the hair shaft and leads to frizzies and breakage.	with water only	0
washing one¡¯s hair	1	How long did they take to wash their hair?	commonsense	2 minutes	2 Hours	0
washing one¡¯s hair	2	Is the water hot or just warm?	text	warm	hot	0
washing one¡¯s hair	3	Where did they wash their hair?	text	In the sink	Shower/home	1
washing one¡¯s hair	4	Did they wash their body with soap as well as washing their hair?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
washing one¡¯s hair	5	Do they use conditioner?	text	yes	no, but they should	1
washing one¡¯s hair	6	When did they get their hair washed?	commonsense	In the morning	they washed their hair at the end of the day	1
washing one¡¯s hair	7	when did they wash their hair?	text	after soaking it with water	Morning	0
checking in at an airport	0	Was there anyone with the person who was checking in?	commonsense	no the person traveled alone	Yes, the person's mother.	0
checking in at an airport	1	Why did they have to go through security?	commonsense	Requirement	Because they wanted to waste time	0
checking in at an airport	2	Where did they got to check in?	text	the security check	front desk	1
checking in at an airport	3	Why did the process take so long to complete?	commonsense	Because the lady in front of the security line had a lot of bags to get checked.	Airport procedures	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	When did they decide to replace the garbage bag?	text	when it had gotten full and started stinking	After a party	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	Where was the garbage can?	text	In their friend's house	In their house	1
driving a car	0	Why did they drive the car?	text	It is the narrator's favorite car	the friend forced him to	0
driving a car	1	Where did they drive the car to?	text	a restaurant	In the country.	0
driving a car	2	Where were they driving to?	text	just around town	To work and back.	0
driving a car	3	What brand was the car?	text	Land Rover Range Rover	Ford	0
driving a car	4	Where was the car located?	text	used car lot	at the friend's home	0
driving a car	5	Did the driver wear a seatbelt?	commonsense	yes, because it's the law	no	0
driving a car	6	Did they pick anyone up in the car?	text	yes	no	1
cooking fish	0	Was this being cooked for dinner?	text	No.	Yes	1
cooking fish	1	Why did they cook fish?	commonsense	Because they were bored	So it would be safe to eat	1
cooking fish	2	Did they put any seasonings on the fish?	text	No.	yes, black pepper and garlic	1
cooking fish	3	Did they use utensils to eat?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
cooking fish	4	how was the fish cooked?	text	Grilled	Baked in the oven	1
cooking fish	5	Did they cook the fish too long so that it burned?	text	Yes	No	1
preparing dinner	0	What did they make?	text	pasta and meatballs	Stirfry and bread	1
preparing dinner	1	Did they use a picnic cloth or a table?	text	They used a picnic cloth.	They used a table.	1
preparing dinner	2	Where was the food prepared?	commonsense	Dining room	In the storyteller's kitchen.	1
preparing dinner	3	what kind of food was made?	text	Frozen.	hamburgers	0
preparing dinner	4	Why did they only prepare one meal?	commonsense	Because more than one person was eating.	Because they were the only one eating.	1
preparing dinner	6	Where did they eat the dinner?	text	At the dining room table.	Kitchen.	0
preparing dinner	7	how long did dinner take to make?	commonsense	Quite a while.	Not very long.	1
preparing dinner	8	Were they in the kitchen?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
feeding a cat	0	Did anyone help them feed the cat ?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
feeding a cat	1	How did they feed the cat?	commonsense	by giving them a can of food	By measuring amounts and putting in a dish.	1
feeding a cat	2	does the cat eat whenever it wants?	commonsense	yes, they always have food down	no, only when fed	1
feeding a cat	3	Do they feed the cat inside or outside ?	commonsense	Outside	Inside	1
feeding a cat	4	What did the cat eat?	text	half wet, half dry food	dry food only	0
making soup	0	Did it have meat in it?	text	yes chicken	no	0
making soup	1	How long did it take to cook?	text	About 10 minutes	About 3 hours and 15 minutes	1
making soup	2	Who made the soup?	text	The narrator's husband	the wife	1
making soup	3	Was someone sick?	text	yes husband	no	0
making soup	4	Can they use noodles too?	text	Yes, they were put in the soup	no	0
making soup	5	How long did it take to make the soup.?	commonsense	A few hours	A few minutes	0
making soup	6	Was the soup a microwave soup?	text	yes	no	1
making soup	7	What spices were in the soup?	text	salt and pepper	sugar and chili powder	0
making soup	8	Did the soup take a long time to make?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
visiting relatives	0	Where did they meet?	text	Home.	the airport	1
visiting relatives	1	Who was there?	text	his family	parents	0
visiting relatives	2	Did they eat a meal with the relatives?	text	yes	no	0
visiting relatives	3	Who did they visit?	text	friends	aunt, uncle, cousins	1
visiting relatives	4	Did they have a good time with the relatives?	text	No.	yes	1
visiting relatives	5	Where do their relatives live?	text	San Francisco	San Diego	0
visiting a doctor	0	How long did they talk to the doctor?	commonsense	10 minutes	Few hours	0
visiting a doctor	1	Did they make another appointment to see the doctor?	commonsense	yes	they will in another year	1
visiting a doctor	2	Were they sick?	text	Yes,he had stomach problem	no, just getting a check up	1
visiting a doctor	3	Did they get medicine from the doctor?	text	Yes	No	1
visiting a doctor	4	When they arrive?	text	15 min early	on time	0
visiting a doctor	5	Did the doctor have a nurse?	text	No	Yes	1
driving a car	0	Who drove the car?	text	A child	The narrator.	1
driving a car	1	Did they do a good job driving?	commonsense	No, he crashed the car	Yes, he was concerned about traffic rules	1
driving a car	2	Did they drive the car in the morning?	commonsense	Yes, to work	No, at night	0
taking a bath	0	When was the bath taken?	text	this morning	last night	1
taking a bath	1	Are they happy at bath time?	commonsense	no	I felt very relaxed as I lay in the warm bubble bath. I shut my eyes for a moment to enjoy the sensation.	1
taking a bath	2	Did they dry off with a towel after their bath?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	3	Did they use bubbles?	text	yes, lots	no	0
taking a bath	4	Why was a bath needed in the first place?	commonsense	Fell into a mud pit	Good Hygiene	1
playing tennis	0	When was the first point scored?	text	After Jane served the first ball.	when the ball was hit just right	1
playing tennis	1	Does both sides get to serve?	text	Yes, both sides take turns serving.	No, only one person.	0
playing tennis	2	Were they wearing different clothes from each other or matching, like a team?	text	matching outfits	different from each other	0
playing tennis	3	Have they played tennis before or was this the first time?	text	yes it is the first time playing.	they have played before	1
playing tennis	4	at what day did the game happen?	text	Saturday	It was on a Wednesday.	1
playing tennis	5	Did they play in the morning or in the evening?	text	They played in the afternoon.	They played in the morning.	0
shopping online	0	What types of things did they order online?	text	Television	A new coffee table	0
shopping online	1	What did they order?	text	Television	A new coffee table	0
shopping online	2	For what occasion were they shopping for?	text	Molly's birthday	replacing a broken television	1
taking a shower	0	Where did they take the shower?	commonsense	At the gym.	At their home.	1
taking a shower	1	What did they use to wash their body?	text	Washcloth	They used a loofah.	1
taking a shower	2	How did they get into the shower?	text	They jumped into it.	Stepping in.	1
taking a shower	3	What time did they take their shower?	text	It was nighttime.	First thing in the morning.	0
taking a shower	4	Where were they going after the shower?	commonsense	work	bed	1
taking a shower	5	How many times did they wash their hair?	text	The washed their hair twice.	1	1
taking a driving lesson	0	What is the goal of the lesson?	text	to become ready for Drivers Education	to drive fast	0
taking a driving lesson	1	When did they decide to take lessons?	text	after failing the course	When they became a teenager.	1
taking a driving lesson	2	Did the lesson require a test on paper?	text	no	yes	0
taking a driving lesson	3	Who is the coach of the lesson?	text	their dad	their mom	1
taking a driving lesson	4	Why were they nervous?	text	yes	no	0
taking a driving lesson	5	Did the lesson include proper maintenance of a vehicle?	commonsense	Yes, it always does.	No, it did not.	1
taking a driving lesson	6	Where did they drive?	text	In an empty parking lot.	on the road	0
taking a driving lesson	7	Why did they need to take a driving lesson?	text	their mother made them	to pass the test	1
taking a driving lesson	8	Why did they have to take a driving lesson?	text	To graduate school	To pass the test	1
taking a taxi	0	When did they pay for the taxi?	text	when they got in the taxi	After reaching their destination.	1
taking a taxi	1	Where did they actually need to be?	text	They were going to Brooklyn.	a meeting on Wall Street	1
taking a taxi	2	Were there a lot of taxis available?	commonsense	yes	no	1
renovating a room	0	Which type of renovation work were they doing?	text	bathroom renovation	kitchen/home	1
renovating a room	1	What did they renovate in the room?	text	only the cabinets	everything	1
renovating a room	2	How long did it take them to renovate the room?	text	a few weeks	a year	0
renovating a room	3	What did they do to the room?	text	They renovated it	They moved it	0
renovating a room	4	Did they like the room more now or before?	text	No, the old was was better	more now	1
renovating a room	5	Were they working alone?	text	no	yes	0
renovating a room	6	What type of repairs did they make?	text	Floors, appliances, windows, lighting	Table, chairs, windows, floors	0
renovating a room	7	Who else helped them renovate the room?	commonsense	Family, friends	Just the contractor	1
making scrambled eggs	0	What room were they cooking in?	text	kitchen	Dining room	0
making scrambled eggs	1	What room were the scrambled eggs cooked in?	text	bedroom on a hotplate	kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	2	Did they have the scrambled eggs for breakfast?	commonsense	Yes	no, for dinner	0
making scrambled eggs	3	How long were the eggs on the stove?	commonsense	too ling, they got rubbery	A few minutes	1
making scrambled eggs	4	Did they add anything to the eggs?	text	yes	no	0
making scrambled eggs	5	Why were they making scrambled eggs?	text	for fun	They were learning to cook	1
making scrambled eggs	6	Where do they put the eggs after they are stirred in the bowl?	text	Into the fridge	in the pan	1
making scrambled eggs	7	Were the eggs chicken eggs or some other type of bird eggs?	commonsense	Other type of bird eggs	Chicken eggs	1
making scrambled eggs	8	Where were they cooking?	text	In the living room	the kitchen	1
making scrambled eggs	9	Did they cook vegetables with the eggs?	text	yes	no	1
making tea	0	Is the tea flavored?	text	No, the tea is not flavored	Yes, the tea is flavored	1
making tea	1	What did they add to their tea?	commonsense	milk and sugar	Nothing	1
making tea	2	where are they making tea?	commonsense	In their kitchen	At a friends house	0
making tea	3	Why are they drinking tea?	text	doctor told them to	author has a sore throat	1
making tea	4	What utensil did they use to stir the tea?	commonsense	a fork	a spoon	1
making tea	5	How long did it take to make?	text	60 seconds	3 minutes in the microwave	1
papering a room	0	Why did they paper the room?	text	they wanted to see how strong the paper was	to keep the paint off the floor	1
papering a room	1	How many people papered the room?	text	Five.	the speaker	1
papering a room	2	How many walls of the room did they paper?	commonsense	One wall.	none they papered the floor	1
going to the dentist	0	How did they feel in the chair?	text	The Author loved being in the dentist chair.	annoyed	1
going to the dentist	1	Did he do anything else to their teeth?	text	nothing else	X-rayed	1
going to the dentist	2	Why did the dentist put a lead apron on them?	commonsense	protection	to look cool	0
going to the dentist	3	How long did the whole appointment take?	commonsense	1 Hour	all day	0
going to the dentist	4	Who came with them to the dentist's office?	commonsense	The Author and a neighbor went to the dentist office.	no one	1
going to the dentist	5	Who is going to the dentist?	text	A neighbor	The narrator	1
going to the dentist	6	Did they have any cavities?	commonsense	yes	no	1
going to the dentist	7	Why did they need to go to the dentist?	text	for fun	for a cleaning	1
going to the dentist	8	What did the dentist do for them?	text	Examined teeth	pulled a tooth	0
going to the dentist	9	Why were they there?	text	for a chipped tooth	for a cleaning	1
visiting a museum	0	How long did it take to get to the museum?	text	A few hours	10 minutes	0
visiting a museum	1	Did they have fun at the museum ?	text	No, there were too many people.	Yes, they had a really fun time	1
visiting a museum	2	What types of things did they see at the museum?	text	Dinosaur pictures, videos, bones and models.	Paintings, sculptures, and figurines.	0
visiting a museum	3	Who sold them tickets?	commonsense	The cashier	They were ordered through the mail.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	What color did the bridesmaids wear?	text	Blue	Pink	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Where did the wedding take place?	text	In a reception hall	First Baptist church	1
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Was it inside or outside?	text	Outside	Inside	1
attending a wedding ceremony	3	What did the bride's dress look like?	text	It was a white lace gown	Beautiful white, sparkly, satin dress	1
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Were they a relative for whoever is getting married?	text	yes	no	0
attending a wedding ceremony	5	Did anyone dance?	text	No one danced	Yes	1
taking a photograph	0	Was the subject moving quickly?	commonsense	no	yes	0
taking a photograph	1	What type of camera did they use?	text	film	digital	1
taking a photograph	2	Was the picture taken outside?	text	no	yes	1
taking a photograph	3	Where were the pictures being take at?	text	Front of the school	at the beach?	1
taking a photograph	4	What were they taking a picture of?	text	Family at the beach	Their group of friends	1
taking a photograph	5	Did the picture come out as expected?	text	no	yes	1
taking a photograph	6	Were the people excited to have their picture taken?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a photograph	7	What did they take the photograph of?	text	their siblings	a group of friends	1
taking a photograph	8	What did they use to take the picture?	text	The narrators camera	Cellphone	0
driving a car	0	Why were they driving?	text	To get out of the country side.	to get away from hubble and trouble	1
driving a car	1	Who was in the car?	commonsense	daughter only	The narrator and their daughter.	1
driving a car	2	Who was the driver?	text	The author	The storyteller's daughter	0
driving a car	3	Was the driver experienced?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
driving a car	4	How fast were they driving?	text	very fast	The speed limit for the area	1
fueling a car	0	How long until they need more fuel?	text	a few days	they need gas tomorrow	0
fueling a car	1	Where is the gas station?	text	Near their house.	In Arizona.	0
fueling a car	2	How did they pay for fuel?	text	they paid with cash	credit card	0
fueling a car	3	How much fuel did they buy?	text	Twenty dollars worth.	filled the tank	0
fueling a car	4	How far were they going to travel?	commonsense	on a road trip to another state	Just around town.	1
fueling a car	5	What time of day was it when they put fuel in the car?	text	Morning.	the evening time	1
fueling a car	6	Was anyone washing the windows of their car while pumping gas?	commonsense	no, they had to pump their own gas so it's not a full service station	Yes,the gas attendant.	0
papering a room	0	Why are they repapering?	text	They want a new look	the old wallpaper was tearing	0
papering a room	1	Who papered the room?	text	the neighbor	The person who lives there.	1
papering a room	2	Why is the room being papered?	text	for a new look	The wall paper is torn.	0
papering a room	3	Is it in their house?	commonsense	yes	no	0
papering a room	4	How many people did it take to get the work done?	text	One	Two.	0
papering a room	5	Who worked on papering the room?	text	the speaker	A contractor	0
papering a room	6	Why did they paper the room?	text	The old wall paper was falling down.	to change its look	1
papering a room	7	Which room of the house was it?	text	bathroom	kitchen	1
papering a room	8	Did they have any trouble?	commonsense	No.	yes	0
papering a room	9	How long did it take to paper the room?	text	Three days.	a full day	1
making a hot dog	0	Who made the hot dog?	text	The main character.	The narrator's brother did.	0
making a hot dog	1	Who is eating the hot dogs?	text	The narrator's brother.	The narrator.	1
making a hot dog	2	What condiment did they use?	text	pickle relish and mustard	relish and ketchup	0
making a hot dog	3	Was the hot dog prepared on a grill?	text	No, they made it in the microwave.	Yes, they made it on a grill.	0
making a hot dog	4	Did they have to wait long for the hot dog to cook?	text	No, only one minute and thirty seconds.	Yes, it took an hour	0
making a hot dog	5	How did the hot dog taste?	commonsense	Like a mushroom.	very good	1
making a hot dog	6	What did they serve a hot dog on?	text	A bun	Rice	0
making a hot dog	7	Why did they decide to make a hot dog?	commonsense	The person was hungry and likes hotdogs	Someone asked them to make it for them.	0
making a hot dog	8	How long did it take to cook the hot dog.	text	1.5 minutes	Over five minutes.	0
making a hot dog	9	Why did they make a hot dog?	commonsense	Someone asked them to make it for them.	The person was likely hungry and enjoys hotdogs.	1
making a hot dog	0	What else was put on the hot dog?	text	just mustard	Ketchup	0
making a hot dog	1	Who is eating the hot dogs?	text	their neighbor	The narrator	1
making a hot dog	2	Did they add anything special to the hot dog?	text	Yes, mustard	No they ate it plain	0
making a hot dog	3	Where did they make the hot dog?	text	In the kitchen	in the bedroom	0
making a hot dog	4	How long did it take to make the hot dog?	commonsense	2 hours	not long	1
making a hot dog	5	How did they make the hot dog?	text	They put the hot dogs in the microwave	they fried it	1
making a hot dog	6	Where did they cook the hot dog?	commonsense	the dining room	Kitchen	1
making a hot dog	7	Did they like the way it tasted?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
making a hot dog	8	What was added to the hot dog for flavor?	text	Relish	Mustard	1
making a hot dog	9	Are they cooking and preparing a hot dog?	text	Yes	No	0
making a hot dog	10	Why are they making a hot dog?	text	they are full	Because they are hungry and hot dogs are simple and quick	1
changing bed sheets	0	Did they make the bed after changing the bed sheets?	text	Yes they did	No they didn't.	0
changing bed sheets	1	Why did they take off the old sheets?	text	They didn't like the color	They were dirty	1
changing bed sheets	2	Why did they change the sheets?	text	because they had holes in them	because they were dirty	1
changing bed sheets	3	Do they change their sheets regularly?	commonsense	Yes.	Not regularly	1
changing bed sheets	4	Why did they change the bed sheets?	text	It had been a while and they were dirty	They were clean	0
changing bed sheets	5	Did the old bed sheets look dirty?	commonsense	Yes, they were dirty so looked dirty	No	0
going to the dentist	0	Who did they go see	text	The dentist	The doctor	0
going to the dentist	1	Were they happy to go to the dentist?	text	No they were scared	Yes they were excited	0
going to the dentist	2	Are their teeth clean and shiny now?	commonsense	no	yes	1
going to the dentist	3	What did they get in their goody bag when they were leaving?	text	Their teeth	A lollipop	0
going to the dentist	4	Did they like the dentist?	text	yes	No they were scared	1
going to the dentist	5	Did it hurt them to have the dentist clean their teeth?	commonsense	yes	no	1
going to the dentist	6	Why did the dentist clean their teeth?	commonsense	To remove plaque	they had dirty teeth	0
making toasted bread	0	Why did they take out butter?	text	To put it on bread after it was toasted.	To spread on the toast	1
making toasted bread	1	Who else was there?	text	The whole family of five.	Only the narrator and their mom.	1
making toasted bread	2	Did they put it on a plate or a napkin?	text	Plates	Napkins	0
making toasted bread	3	What kind of bread was used?	text	white	Whole wheat.	1
making toasted bread	4	Was the toast for them or someone else?	text	The toast was for friends.	Themselves	1
making toasted bread	5	Does the toaster make a sound when it is finished.	text	Yes a bell rang.	No, the toasts just pop out.	0
making toasted bread	6	Was the bread good?	text	Yes, it was tasty.	No, it burned.	0
making toasted bread	7	Can you put other things in the toaster besides bread?	commonsense	Yes, like poptarts, English muffins	No.	0
making toasted bread	8	Does the bread taste better when it is toasted?	commonsense	No.	Yes	1
renting a movie	0	Did they want to watch a movie?	text	Yes, they wanted to watch a movie.	No, their boyfriend did.	0
renting a movie	1	How long did they wait in line to rent the movie?	commonsense	There was no line to wait in.	One hour.	0
renting a movie	2	How did they pay for the movie?	text	They used their credit card.	With cash	0
renting a movie	3	Where was the movie watched?	text	At their boyfriends.	They watched the movie at home.	1
renting a movie	4	Why did they choose the movie they chose?	text	Because they liked it and it was available	Their boyfriend wanted to watch that one.	0
renting a movie	5	How long did they borrow the movie?	text	One week.	They only borrowed it overnight.	1
renting a movie	6	Why was the movie rented?	text	they didn't have any movies at home	they didn't want to watch the movies they owned	1
taking a photograph	0	Who was in the picture?	text	her mom	Nobody	1
taking a photograph	1	How many photos did they take of the subject?	text	one	Four	0
taking a photograph	2	Was it dark when they took the photograph?	text	no	yes	0
taking a photograph	3	What was the reason for taking the photo?	text	they wanted to take a picture of something green	They wanted to take a picture of something natural	1
taking a photograph	4	What was the subject of the photo?	text	a pine tree with birds and squirrels	Sky	0
taking a photograph	5	What are they taking the photograph with?	text	camera	Their phone	0
taking a photograph	6	Who was taking the pictures?	text	narrator	Ansel Adams	0
taking a photograph	7	Did they take lots of pictures?	text	yes	no	1
taking a photograph	8	What did they use to take the photograph with?	text	camera	Smartphone	0
writing a letter	0	Did they write the letter at a desk?	commonsense	They wrote the letter in bed.	no	1
writing a letter	1	Why did they choose the time they chose to write the letter?	text	they randomly chose that time to do it	After second bad visit.	1
writing a letter	2	What did the letter say in the start?	text	he complained about the food and service	Dear Restaurant.	0
writing a letter	3	Did they write a letter to a relative or a friend?	text	They were writing a letter to their grandmother.	neither	1
writing a letter	4	Was the letter personal?	text	no, all business	Yes, it was a personal letter.	0
writing a letter	5	Why did they write the letter?	text	to say hi	To complain.	1
writing a letter	6	How did they decide who to write to?	text	they wanted to write to the headquarters	they could not decide	0
writing a letter	7	Who did they write the letter too?	text	the restaurant manager	the Director of Operations at HQ	1
writing a letter	8	Why did they choose this person to write a letter to?	text	They are in charge.	Closest address.	0
writing a letter	9	Is the paper lined?	commonsense	Yes, the paper was lined.	No, the paper wasn't lined.	1
chopping vegetables	0	What kind of vegetables did they see?	text	Onions, peppers and corn	Beans, Corn and Squash	0
chopping vegetables	1	Are we keeping the skin and seeds of the vegetables?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
chopping vegetables	2	What did they use to chop the vegetables?	text	Butter Knife	A sharp knife.	1
chopping vegetables	3	What will we do with the vegetables after we chop them?	text	Chill them in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.	Mix them with the beans	1
chopping vegetables	4	How many different kinds of vegetables are there?	text	2 different vegetables.	Four	1
chopping vegetables	5	What kind of vegetables did they chop?	text	Onions, and green and red bell peppers.	Three different kinds of beans.	0
chopping vegetables	6	Do they see onions?	text	No.	Yes	1
chopping vegetables	7	Who chopped the vegetables?	text	The story teller.	The chef	0
chopping vegetables	8	Why were the vegetables getting cut?	commonsense	For blending	To make them easier to eat	1
preparing dinner	0	Did they help them make dinner?	text	No, they were the one cooking,	Yes	0
preparing dinner	1	What type of meat are they cooking for dinner?	text	Chicken	Ground beef.	1
cooking pasta	0	who is cooking the pasta?	text	The storyteller's little brother	The person telling the story	1
cooking pasta	1	How did they cook the pasta?	text	put in boiling water	They put it in the toaster oven	0
cooking pasta	2	Did they put sauce on the pasta?	text	no	yes	1
cooking pasta	3	How much did they cook?	text	Enough for two	enough for three	0
cooking pasta	4	How many minutes/hours before the pasta was done?	commonsense	Few hours	Less than ten minutes	1
cooking pasta	5	Where did they cook the pasta?	commonsense	In a restaurant	At home	1
cooking pasta	6	was the dish served hot?	commonsense	yes	no	0
cooking pasta	7	what kind of pasta is it?	text	Macaroni	spaghetti noodles	1
cooking pasta	8	Is the pasta they cooked too much or not enough?	commonsense	Just the right amount	Way too much	0
getting the newspaper	0	Do they read it at home?	text	No	yes	1
getting the newspaper	1	How was the paper delivered?	text	by a paperboy on bike	newspaper carrier by car	1
getting the newspaper	2	Was it delivered to the front door?	text	Yes	No	1
getting the newspaper	3	Did they throw it?	text	no	yes	1
getting the newspaper	4	Who got the paper?	text	narrator	the dog fetched it	0
getting the newspaper	5	How did they get their newspaper?	text	their dog brings it inside	Delivered to their home	1
cleaning up a flat	0	Did they use a mop and bucket to clean the flat?	text	No, they used a broom and dustpan	Yes	0
cleaning up a flat	1	Why did the flat need to be cleaned?	text	It smelled funny	It was dusty	1
playing a movie	0	Did they enjoy the movie?	commonsense	no, they didn't	yes, they did	1
playing a movie	1	What was the movie's genre?	commonsense	family/animated	horror film	0
playing a movie	2	Was it a new movie?	text	yes , it was	no, it wasn't	1
playing a movie	3	Where was the movie played?	text	kitchen	In the VCR	1
playing a movie	4	Where did they watch the movie?	text	Emily's mom's room	Emily's room	0
playing a movie	5	Who saw the movie?	text	the narrator and her friends	the narrator and her mom	0
playing a movie	6	Where did they play the movie?	text	DVD player	VCR	1
wrapping a gift	0	How did they get the wrapping paper?	text	They went down to the basement where their family stores the wrapping paper	they bought it at the store	0
wrapping a gift	1	What color was the bow?	text	pink	red	0
wrapping a gift	2	Did they have fun?	commonsense	no	yes	1
wrapping a gift	3	Was the gift square or odd-shaped?	commonsense	it's a phone cover so assume it's rectangular	odd shaped	0
wrapping a gift	4	Was it an expensive gift?	commonsense	not too expensive they cost about $70	yes, $500	0
wrapping a gift	5	Was the gift a surprise for someone?	text	no	yes	1
folding clothes	0	What did they do with the clothes after they folded them?	text	saved them in drawers	Left in the basket.	0
folding clothes	1	how did they fold the clothes?	text	they didn't fold them	they folded all the shirts so the designs would show	1
folding clothes	2	Whose clothes are they folding?	text	the neighbor's	Theirs.	1
folding clothes	3	Did anyone help them with folding the clothes?	text	Their spouse.	no they did it alone	1
folding clothes	4	What order did they fold the clothes in?	text	no specific order	pants first	0
folding clothes	5	did anyone else help fold the clothes?	text	yes the whole family helped	no they did it alone	1
folding clothes	6	Who folded the clothes?	text	The narrator.	Their mother.	0
folding clothes	7	Where did they fold the clothes?	text	In the bedroom.	at the laundromat	0
folding clothes	8	Did they dump out the clothes onto a surface or just take them out of the clothes basket?	text	she dumped them on the bed	They dumped them on a table.	0
folding clothes	9	What did they carry the folded clothes in?	text	they don't carry the folded clothes, they carry the clean clothes in a bag back to the apartment to fold	Laundry basket.	0
calling 911	0	How did they describe the problem?	text	He described a man robbing the house next door.	A man was yelling at the neighbor	1
calling 911	1	Who called 911?	text	The truck driver.	The story teller.	1
calling 911	2	Was the 911 operator helpful?	text	No they were not	Yes the operator was helpful.	1
calling 911	3	Did they stay on the line with dispatchers until help arrived?	text	No, they hung up	Yes	1
calling 911	4	Did the police come?	text	No they didn't	Yes	1
taking a bath	0	Was the bath for cleaning up or just pleasure and relaxation?	text	both	just for fun	0
taking a bath	1	Did they enjoy the bath?	text	Yes	No	0
taking a bath	2	Did they feel relaxed after their bath?	commonsense	yes	no	0
taking a bath	3	Why did they take a bath?	text	they were dirty	for fun	0
taking a bath	4	Did they take a bath to relieve sore muscles?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
taking a bath	5	When did they add the bubbles?	commonsense	before the water was running	after they ran the water	1
baking a cake	0	Was the cake delicious?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	1	Did they eat the cake by themselves?	text	Yes	No, with friends	1
baking a cake	2	Did everyone enjoy the cake?	text	No	Yes	1
baking a cake	3	Did they bake the cake successfully?	text	No, it was burnt	Yes	1
baking a cake	4	How did the cake taste?	text	not good	Really good	1
baking a cake	5	What were they doing?	text	Baking a cake	make steak	0
baking a cake	6	Who baked the cake?	text	The narrator	store	0
going dancing	0	Who did they go with?	text	with friends	with the kids	0
going dancing	1	How did they pick their date for the dance?	commonsense	They picked each other	They picked a friend	0
going dancing	2	Did they have fun?	text	They did not have fun	Yes, they did.	1
going dancing	3	Did anyone encourage them to go dancing ?	text	nobody	yes	1
going dancing	4	Who went dancing?	text	Mary, Pete and their friends	Teenagers	0
calling 911	0	Who was it that made the phone call?	text	the police did	witness	1
calling 911	1	How long did they wait before calling 911?	text	They called after the robber left the store	they stepped away and called	1
calling 911	2	From where did they call 911?	text	out of view	Inside the convenience store	0
calling 911	3	What happened to cause them to call 911?	text	They saw someone committing a burglary	someone had an accident	0
calling 911	4	How did they know the right number to call?	commonsense	It is common knowledge to use 911	they didn't	0
calling 911	5	Where were they when they called?	text	home	Nearby the store	1
calling 911	6	Who called 911?	text	the police did	The witness of the robbery	1
making coffee	0	What type of container did they pour the coffee into?	text	Coffee mug.	plastic storage container	0
making coffee	1	What time was it when they made the coffee?	text	Morning.	evening	0
making coffee	2	Was the coffee too strong?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
making coffee	3	How did they like it?	text	Husband liked it	so so	0
making coffee	4	Who was the coffee for?	text	themselves	Their husband	1
making coffee	5	What kind of sweetener did they use?	text	honey	Sugar.	1
making coffee	6	do they like it hot or cold?	commonsense	Cold	Hot	1
making coffee	7	did they add sugar to their coffee?	text	yes, they added sugar to their husband's coffee	No.	0
making coffee	8	What time of day was the coffee made?	text	Night	Morning	1
laying flooring in a room	0	where did they lay the flooring?	text	Downstairs	In their house.	1
laying flooring in a room	1	How long did it take to lay down the flooring?	text	It took a few days.	It took two weeks.	0
laying flooring in a room	2	How long did this process take?	text	2 weeks	A few days	1
laying flooring in a room	3	do they lay it down anywhere?	text	They lay it where they want to replace the floor	They lay it in rooms that don't need new flooring	0
laying flooring in a room	4	What did they use for measuring?	commonsense	A 12 inch rule	A tape measure	1
laying flooring in a room	5	can a floor be any color?	text	No	Yes	1
laying flooring in a room	6	When did they start laying down the flooring?	text	After removing the carpet and padding.	Before they took up the carpet.	0
laying flooring in a room	7	Who laid down the flooring?	text	The neighbor's of the storyteller	The storyteller and his family.	1
getting the newspaper	0	How often was the paper delivered?	text	Daily	Weekly.	0
getting the newspaper	1	Is it delivered every day?	text	Yes, it comes every afternoon.	No, it only comes once a week.	0
getting the newspaper	2	When is the newspaper delivered?	text	In the afternoon	Every morning	0
unloading the dishwasher	0	Was the dishwasher working properly?	commonsense	No, the dishes were all still dirty.	Yes	1
unloading the dishwasher	1	Was the dishwasher full?	commonsense	We can assume yes because of all the things they said they took out of it.	No, it only had plates.	0
unloading the dishwasher	2	What time of day did they empty the dishwasher?	commonsense	It was time to make dinner, so we can guess late afternoon or early evening.	Early in the morning.	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Did they start putting dirty dishes in once it was empty?	text	No, they were ready to start cooking dinner.	Yes, they had to wash plates for dinner.	0
unloading the dishwasher	4	Why did they unload the dishwasher?	text	They needed the clean glasses to drink out of.	They needed the clean plates to eat off of.	1
unloading the dishwasher	5	Did they unload the dishwasher in any particular order?	text	No, they just grabbed anything.	Yes	1
unloading the dishwasher	6	Who unloaded the dishwasher?	text	The story teller.	no one	0
making tea	0	Why are they drinking tea?	text	It's medicinal	They like it.	1
making tea	1	did they add sugar?	text	Yes	No, no sugar	0
making tea	2	Do they like hot or cold tea?	commonsense	They like cold tea	They like hot tea	1
making tea	3	How did they know when the water was boiling in the kettle?	commonsense	they can see the bubbles	The smoke alarm went off	0
making tea	4	Who was drinking the tea?	text	The narrators friend	The narrartor	1
making tea	5	Which cream did they use?	text	2%	half and half	1
making tea	6	What type of tea do they like?	text	loose tea	tea bags	0
going to the theater	0	Who went to the theater?	text	two friends	The narrator and her husband	1
going to the theater	1	Will they bring a date to the theater?	text	yes wife brings husband	no date was brought	0
going to the theater	2	How many people were in their group?	text	5	She and her husband	1
going to the theater	3	How did they get tickets?	text	bought at theater	They bought online	0
going to the theater	4	How many people will be going?	text	She and her husband.	5	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	Who got married?	text	The friend of the female friend.	Their sister	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	How did the bride and groom exchange vows?	text	quickly	Very slowly	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Who officiated the wedding?	text	A pastor	The bride's father	0
calling 911	0	Why were they in the road?	text	They were driving down the highway	They were on a walk	0
calling 911	1	How long did the ambulance take to arrive?	text	About a half hour.	About 10 minutes.	1
calling 911	2	Did they have to perform CPR?	commonsense	No they didn't.	Yes they did.	0
calling 911	3	Where did the actual accident happen?	text	On a dirt road	On the highway	1
calling 911	4	Why did they call 911?	text	There was a car accident.	They hit a person.	0
calling 911	5	Where were they when the accident happened?	text	On a remote road	On the highway	1
calling 911	6	Did they stay on the line with dispatchers until help arrived?	text	No they did not.	Yes they did.	1
calling 911	7	What was the emergency?	text	Someone got stuck on the road	There was a car crash	1
unloading the dishwasher	0	How did they unloaded the dishwasher?	text	top first then bottom	bottom to top	0
unloading the dishwasher	1	Did any of the dishes still have food on them?	commonsense	No	yes possibly	1
unloading the dishwasher	2	How many people were unloading the dishwasher?	text	One	Two	0
unloading the dishwasher	3	Did someone help unload the dishwasher?	text	Yes	No	1
unloading the dishwasher	4	Why didn't they use the sink?	commonsense	The dishwasher was easier.	there is no sink	0
unloading the dishwasher	5	How many people put away the dishwasher?	text	One	Two	0
unloading the dishwasher	6	How long did the unloading take?	commonsense	a few hours	a few minutes	1
washing dishes	0	What kind of soap do they use?	commonsense	Dish soap	Hand soap	0
washing dishes	1	When do they wash dishes	commonsense	Friday nights.	it didn't say.	0
washing dishes	2	Were they inside the kitchen?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
washing dishes	3	Do they wash them every week?	text	Yes	No, every other week on Friday.	0
washing dishes	4	Were they in a house?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	5	Did they scrape the dishes before the washed them?	text	No, they put them directly in the dishwasher.	yes in the trash	1
washing dishes	6	Who washed the dishes?	text	Jessie and Dan.	the parents	0
making a camping trip	0	where are they camping?	text	Oregon	Boundary Waters in north Minnesota	1
making a camping trip	1	When are they leaving?	text	At the end of the summer.	After school is done.	1
making a camping trip	2	how long are they going camping?	text	7 days	They were there for 5 days.	1
making a camping trip	3	What supplies would they take with them?	text	Tents, sleeping bags, hiking boots, clothes, water bottles, and food.	Just some sleeping bags.	0
changing bed sheets	0	Were the sheets soft?	text	No, they were old and hard	Yes, they were soft and new	1
changing bed sheets	1	How did they make the sheets smooth?	text	Using an iron	Pulling the end of sheets under the bed mattress.	1
changing bed sheets	2	Why did they need fresh sheets?	text	The dog messed it up	Sheets were dirty	1
changing bed sheets	3	Do they change their sheets regularly?	text	Yes, every two weeks	No, every few months	0
changing bed sheets	4	When did they unfold the clean sheets?	text	After taking off the old sheets and putting them in the laundry basket	After the dog jumped on the bed	0
changing bed sheets	5	What did they do after they changed the sheets?	text	Left the bed unmade	Went to sleep	1
changing bed sheets	6	Do they change them by themselves?	text	No, their parents helped	Yes	1
changing bed sheets	7	What did they do to the old bed sheets?	text	put them in the laundry basket	threw them away	0
changing bed sheets	8	How did the bed look after they changed the sheets?	text	Dirty and messy	Neat and tidy	1
going to the sauna	0	When did they leave the sauna?	text	after they got a massage	evening	1
going to the sauna	1	were they offered food and drink?	text	no	they ate at the restaurant	1
going to the sauna	2	Why did they go to the sauna?	text	for excitement	to relax	1
going to the sauna	3	Did they feel better afterwards?	commonsense	yes	No because they were robbed outside the sauna	0
going to the sauna	4	How long were they in the sauna for?	text	Until they were asked to leave due to rowdy behavior	few hours	1
going to the sauna	5	What does the steam do?	commonsense	bath	imbue one with a layer of mist	0
cleaning up a flat	0	Did they enjoy cleaning?	commonsense	Yes, they were singing a happy song as they cleaned.	No, or they would have done it before and not let it pile up.	1
cleaning up a flat	1	How long did it take to clean the flat?	commonsense	a while	about ten minutes	0
cleaning up a flat	2	Who started cleaning the flat?	text	Their mother	The narrator	1
cleaning up a flat	3	Did they clean up in the morning?	text	Yes	No, it was after supper.	0
cleaning up a flat	4	Who did the cleaning?	text	The narrator	Cleaning service	0
cleaning up a flat	5	Did they have to move stuff out of the way first?	text	Yes, they moved the sofa to vacuum under it.	yes- laundry	1
cleaning up a flat	6	When did they clean their house?	text	Monday morning	On the weekend.	0
cleaning up a flat	7	What day did they pick to clean the flat?	text	Monday	Sunday	0
cleaning up a flat	8	Why did it take them so long to clean?	commonsense	it was very, very messy	Because of the tornado.	0
cleaning up a flat	9	Did the cleaner use a mop?	text	Yes, they mopped the bathroom.	No.	1
going dancing	0	What was the name of the place they danced at?	text	Margie's	Bongo's	1
going dancing	1	Where were they dancing?	text	At bongo's.	At a wedding.	0
going dancing	2	Where did they go dancing?	text	Bongo's	They went country line dancing.	0
going dancing	3	What brought on this sudden interest in going dancing ?	text	They really wanted to learn a new dance	They were convinced to go by friends	1
going dancing	4	Why are they out dancing?	commonsense	Because it was their birthday.	Friends convinced them to go.	1
working in the garden	0	What kind of vegetables were in the garden?	text	tomatoes, cucumber, lettuce, and peppers	tomatoes, cucumber, lettuce, and potatoes	0
working in the garden	1	Where were they working?	text	They were working in their garden.	in the basement	0
working in the garden	2	Why were they working in the garden?	text	mom asked them to	to plant veggies	1
working in the garden	3	How many different things did they plant?	text	They planted 4 different types of vegetables.	The planted 12 different kinds of fruit.	0
making omelette	0	When did they crack the eggs?	commonsense	Before putting them in the mixing bowl	after mixing the ingredients	0
making omelette	1	What happens if you do not cook the eggs long enough?	commonsense	they will be runny	they turn blue	0
making omelette	2	Why do they crack the eggs and open them when they make an omelette?	commonsense	they like cracking eggs	to get to the yolk	1
making omelette	3	Who cooked the omelette?	text	the author	The cook	0
making omelette	4	How long did it take to make the omelette?	commonsense	about an hour	few minutes	1
making omelette	5	What utensils were used to cook the food?	text	Measuring Cup	a spatula and something to beat the eggs with	1
making omelette	6	Why did they put butter in the pan before the eggs?	commonsense	to keep it from sticking	to cook it	0
making omelette	7	What did they put in their omelette?	text	milk, pepper,  shredded cheese, chopped spinach and onion, and cubed ham chunks.	ketchup	0
making omelette	8	How many eggs did they use?	text	two eggs	five	0
throwing a party	0	Was the party for friends or family?	text	family and friends	friends	1
throwing a party	1	Who was the party for?	text	their friend	Author	1
throwing a party	2	Was there music at the party?	text	yes	no	0
throwing a party	3	Was the party for a celebration?	commonsense	no	yes	0
throwing a party	4	Was anyone not invited but came anyway?	commonsense	Yes	No	1
throwing a party	5	Was it an adult party or a children's party?	commonsense	an adult party	a children's party	0
throwing a party	6	Where was the party located?	text	Home	a restaurant	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	0	Who cooked the food?	commonsense	The chef.	The waiter	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	1	How long were they in the restaurant?	commonsense	an hour or so	20 minutes	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	2	Where was the order taken when they complained?	text	Taken back to the kitchen.	Taken to the other table.	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	3	Why are they sending the food back?	text	undercooked	overcooked	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	4	How long did they wait for the food?	text	about 15 minutes	30 minutes	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	5	Why did they send the food back?	text	It was undercooked	it was over cooked	0
sending food back (in a restaurant)	6	How long did it take them to send the food back?	commonsense	hours	a few minutes	1
planning a holiday trip	0	Why are they going on a trip?	text	vacation	work	0
planning a holiday trip	1	How long will they stay?	text	3 days	Five days.	1
planning a holiday trip	2	How many days was their vacation?	text	3	five days	1
planning a holiday trip	3	How did they arrange their holiday transportation?	text	they didn't	they drove	1
planning a holiday trip	4	How did they get there?	text	by car	by plane	0
planning a holiday trip	5	Where will they be staying?	text	in a rented house	in a hotel on the beach	1
planning a holiday trip	6	How would they get there?	text	By plane	By car	1
playing tennis	0	who was playing?	text	Friends	Two strangers.	0
playing tennis	1	Where did they go to play?	text	baseball field	tennis court	1
playing tennis	2	Why did they play?	text	A hobby	they made a bet and he lost so had to play tennis instead of football	0
playing tennis	3	Where exactly were they playing?	text	A field	a tennis court	1
changing a light bulb	0	What was done with the old light bulb?	text	Kept it to use again	thrown away	1
changing a light bulb	1	When did the burned out light bulb get replaced?	commonsense	once they noticed it was burnt out	It wasn't.	0
changing a light bulb	2	Do some light bulbs burn out faster than others?	commonsense	No, all light bulbs have the same lifetime.	sometimes	1
changing a light bulb	3	Why did the light bulb need to be changed?	text	It was broken in pieces.	It was no longer working.	1
changing a light bulb	4	Why did they have to change the old light bulb?	text	It stopped working.	it broke	0
changing a light bulb	5	How long did it take to change the light bulb?	commonsense	A few minutes.	A long time	0
playing tennis	0	Did they start playing right away or did they have to wait?	text	They had to wait.	they played right away	1
playing tennis	1	How long did they play for?	text	a couple of hours as reserved	two days and four hours sharp	0
playing tennis	2	was there a referee in the story?	commonsense	most likely not as they played casual games	yes	0
washing clothes	0	Did they dry the clothes right after washing them?	text	Yes they did.	No they did not.	0
washing clothes	1	Who washed the clothes?	text	the dry cleaner	the speaker	1
washing clothes	2	Why were the clothes dirty?	commonsense	the dog got mud on them	they had been worn	1
washing clothes	3	Did they put the clothes away after they were finished?	commonsense	Yes	No	0
washing clothes	4	Were they washing for more than one person?	commonsense	Yes they were.	No they were not.	0
washing clothes	5	How long did it take them?	text	More than three hours.	about an hour and a half	1
washing clothes	6	How long does the wash cycle last?	text	About thirty minutes.	2 hours	0
washing clothes	8	Where did they do the laundry?	text	at the laundromat	in the washer and dryer	1
making a bonfire	0	why did they keep water nearby	commonsense	They wanted some water nearby in case the fire got too big.	to bathe in	0
making a bonfire	1	how was it possible for the fire to stay lit?	commonsense	they danced around the fire	plenty of collected stuff	1
making a bonfire	2	Why were they having a bonfire?	text	They had garbage to burn.	avoid cold sick	1
making a bonfire	3	Did the bonfire keep them warm?	text	yes	no its not much give warm	0
making a bonfire	4	What did they do before lighting the fire?	text	gather supplies	they spread out the wood that was gathered	0
taking a bath	0	Did they have toys in the bath?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	1	Did they enjoy the bath?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	2	Did they take a bath because they were dirty?	commonsense	Most likely, yes	no	0
going to the dentist	0	Would they want to go to the dentist?	commonsense	no	yes	0
going to the dentist	1	Did they like the dentist?	commonsense	yes	no	1
going to the dentist	2	Who went to the dentist?	text	no one	The author	1
going to the dentist	4	Did their teeth hurt before going to the dentist?	text	yes	no	0
folding clothes	0	What did they do after they folded the clothes?	text	put them back in the hamper	put the clothes away in the drawers	1
folding clothes	1	Who was folding clothes?	text	the husband	his wife	0
folding clothes	2	Where did they fold the clothes?	text	On the bed	at the laundromat	0
folding clothes	3	What did they carry the folded clothes in?	text	a hamper	Arms	0
folding clothes	4	Why are they folding the clothes rather than hanging them?	commonsense	Because they have to put them in drawers	To get the wrinkles out	0
folding clothes	5	did anyone else help fold the clothes?	text	the wife	No just the man	1
sending party invitations	0	Who received the invitations?	text	Their friends and family.	non-invited guests	0
sending party invitations	1	Why were they having a party?	text	It was their friend's birthday.	It was her birthday.	0
sending party invitations	2	Where did they drop off the invitations?	text	In their mailboxes.	At the post office.	1
sending party invitations	3	How did they make the invitations?	text	They made them by hand	They bought them.	1
going to the swimming pool	0	Why did they want to go swimming?	text	it is their favorite hobby	it was cold	0
going to the swimming pool	1	What time does it open?	text	10am	8:30 am	0
going to the swimming pool	2	What time did they leave?	text	10am	at 11:00	0
ironing laundry	0	Did they use an ironing board?	text	no	yes	1
ironing laundry	1	Why were they ironing?	text	the clothes were wrinkled	for fun	0
ironing laundry	2	Who was Ironing?	text	the narrator	the maid was	0
ironing laundry	3	Is it fun to iron?	commonsense	no	yes	0
ironing laundry	4	Why did they turn off the iron?	text	They were finished ironing	The iron had got too hot	0
ironing laundry	5	Why did they put water in the iron?	commonsense	to cool it off	to make steam	1
ironing laundry	6	Where were they using the iron?	text	to smooth out the shirt wrinkles	to learn to iron a shirt	0
ironing laundry	7	How many pieces of clothing did they have to iron?	text	one	Two	0
ironing laundry	8	Did they iron everything?	commonsense	yes	no	1
ironing laundry	9	Did they use a starch spray on the clothes?	text	no	yes	0
ironing laundry	10	Why did they need to be careful?	commonsense	Because the ironing board was unsteady	Because the iron is very hot and can burn clothes or body parts	1
cleaning the shower	0	Why did they clean the shower?	commonsense	She was being paid for it.	it was dirty	1
cleaning the shower	1	Did anyone help them clean the shower?	text	Yes, but just one person helped.	No.	1
cleaning the shower	2	How did the cleaner start cleaning the shower?	text	by gathering supplies, spraying and letting the spray sit	She turned on the shower.	0
cleaning the shower	3	why are they cleaning it?	commonsense	It's dirty	just because	0
cleaning the shower	4	Had they cleaned the shower before?	commonsense	Yes, they had.	No, they were just asked to do the job for the first time.	0
cleaning the shower	5	who cleaned the shower?	text	The maid.	"me"	1
cleaning the shower	6	What did they clean first?	text	First they cleaned the tiles and glass door.	faucet/showerhead/shelves	1
mowing the lawn	0	Was it a big lawnmower?	text	riding mower	push mower	0
mowing the lawn	1	Did anyone help?	text	no he alone	yes friend	0
mowing the lawn	2	Who mowed the lawn?	text	the neighbor	the author	1
mowing the lawn	3	Who mowed the grass?	text	The narrator	The neighbor	0
mowing the lawn	4	How many people were mowing the lawn?	text	only one	ten persons	0
mowing the lawn	5	What did they do when they finished?	text	went to the store	roll back the mower into garage	1
mowing the lawn	6	Does the lawn look better now?	text	pretty good	not its worse	0
mowing the lawn	7	What would they have done if it rained?	commonsense	Stopped mowing	Mow it anyhow	0
laying flooring in a room	0	Why did they need new flooring?	commonsense	They were renovating	They didn't need new flooring	0
laying flooring in a room	1	did they need the job done?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
laying flooring in a room	2	What did they do before they started to work?	text	remove all the furniture	They decided to do the house alone	0
laying flooring in a room	3	Was this for a home?	text	Yes	It was not for their new home	0
laying flooring in a room	4	How did they know how much to get?	commonsense	The floor was carefully measured	They guessed	0
laying flooring in a room	5	Were they happy with their floor?	text	Yes they were	No they were not	0
laying flooring in a room	6	How long did it take them to lay the floor?	text	A few days	a few hours	0
laying flooring in a room	7	what room is being redone?	text	The entire house	the bathroom	0
cleaning the bathroom	0	Did they mop the floor?	text	yes	No.	0
cleaning the bathroom	1	Did anyone help them clean?	text	No	Yes	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	How many people cleaned the bathroom?	text	1.	2.	0
cleaning the bathroom	3	How many bathrooms were cleaned?	commonsense	four	1.	1
cleaning the bathroom	4	Why did they clean the bathroom?	text	They clean it every Sunday.	It was disgustingly dirty.	0
cleaning the bathroom	5	Why does the bathroom need to be cleaned?	text	It gets dirty.	It was disgusting that week.	0
cleaning the bathroom	0	Did anything besides the floor get cleaned in the bathroom?	text	no only floor	yes the tub, sink, floor,mirrors	1
cleaning the bathroom	1	What did they clean first?	text	Bathtub	Floor	0
cleaning the bathroom	2	Did anyone help them clean?	text	yes	no	1
cleaning the bathroom	3	How did the bathroom look after?	text	Shiny	Like a "last chance" gas-station outhouse 150 miles from nowhere that hadn't been cleaned in 6 months	0
cleaning the bathroom	4	Was it a public bathroom?	text	yes	No is apartment bathroom	1
cleaning the bathroom	5	Why did they clean the bathroom?	text	it was Friday	Required cleaning	1
cleaning the bathroom	6	What did they use to clean the bathroom floor?	text	swiffer wet jet	Mop and Bucket	0
cleaning the bathroom	7	Did they clean the whole bathroom or just part?	text	part of the bathroom	whole bathroom	1
cleaning the bathroom	8	Who cleaned the bathroom?	text	The author	The Maid	0
going grocery shopping	0	Did they need to buy any meat?	text	No they are vegans	Yes, several kinds.	1
going grocery shopping	1	Did they need groceries?	text	No	Yes for the week groceries to cook over the weekend	1
going grocery shopping	2	Did they have a list?	commonsense	They did not mention if they did or not	Yes	0
going grocery shopping	3	Did they ask for help finding anything at the grocery store?	commonsense	No they did not	Yes they did.	0
going grocery shopping	4	Did they go to the store for something special?	commonsense	Yes, they went to buy wine	They did not.	1
going grocery shopping	5	Why did they need to go to the store?	text	For a cake	to get their weekly groceries	1
going grocery shopping	0	Did they go to the store for something special?	commonsense	To get things they need or want.	Yes, they needed bananas	0
going grocery shopping	1	Were there a lot of groceries?	commonsense	Yes.	no, just a few things	0
going grocery shopping	2	Did they use a shopping cart?	text	Yes	no, a hand basket only	0
going grocery shopping	3	Which aisles did they go down?	commonsense	Lots.	the florist section	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	0	Did the full bag break?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	1	was the garbage smelly?	commonsense	no	yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	2	Was the garbage bag full?	text	Yes	No	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	3	When did they replace the garbage bag?	text	After they took the old bag outside	When it was empty	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	4	Who was the one taking out the garbage?	text	The narrator	Garbage Man	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	5	Who replaced the bag?	text	The narrator	Garbage man	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	6	How long did it take to do it?	commonsense	A few minutes	A few hours	0
removing and replacing a garbage bag	7	Were they doing a chore?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	8	did the old garbage look heavy?	commonsense	no	yes	1
removing and replacing a garbage bag	9	Why was the garbage bag changed?	text	It was empty	It was full.	1
cleaning up a flat	0	How many people lived in the flat?	text	three	Two people.	1
cleaning up a flat	1	When did they change what area they were cleaning?	commonsense	they never changed	when they were finished with one area	1
cleaning up a flat	2	How long were they there?	text	8 years.	2 months.	0
cleaning up a flat	3	How long did it take them to finish cleaning?	text	two or three hours	2 or 3 days.	1
cleaning up a flat	4	How many people were cleaning?	text	Just one person.	Two people were cleaning.	1
checking in at an airport	0	Where are they flying to?	text	England	Germany.	1
checking in at an airport	1	What method did they use to check in?	text	They checked in with and attendant at the airport.	They checked in online	0
checking in at an airport	2	How long did it take to get through security?	text	12 hours	30 minutes	1
checking in at an airport	3	Did security check their luggage?	text	no	yes	1
checking in at an airport	4	What time was the plane scheduled to take off?	text	9:30.	6:30	0
checking in at an airport	5	How long will they wait at the security checkpoint?	text	More than 2 hours	30 minutes	1
changing bed sheets	0	How did they change the sheets?	text	pulled the sheets off	They removed the dirty sheets and put fresh sheets on from the linen closet	0
changing bed sheets	1	How did the bed look after they changed the sheets?	commonsense	Messy	Clean and neat.	1
changing bed sheets	2	Were the bedsheets wet?	text	not while on the bed	yes, while on the bed	0
changing bed sheets	3	What did they do with the old sheets?	text	threw them away	wash them.	1
changing bed sheets	4	Was someone going to be sleeping in that bed later?	commonsense	Yes	no	0
changing bed sheets	5	Why did they change the sheets?	text	They smelled bad	They were damaged	0
cooking pasta	0	How long did it take for the pasta to cook?	text	A couple minutes	It takes around 30 minutes.	0
cooking pasta	1	Did they make the pasta for dinner?	commonsense	no, breakfast	Yes	1
cooking pasta	2	Who was going to eat the pasta?	text	Margaret and the speaker	The narrator and her father	0
cooking pasta	3	How long did they boil the pasta?	text	Only a few minutes.	An hour.	0
cooking pasta	4	Who were they cooking the pasta for?	text	For themselves.	Their parents	0
cooking pasta	5	Who cooked the pasta?	text	Margaret	Author	1
cooking pasta	6	How many persons cooked the pasta?	text	Twelve	The narrator cooked the actual noodles alone but her friend Margaret cuts the vegetables and brings the sauce	1
cooking pasta	7	What type of pasta did they make?	text	fresh pasta with cut up vegetables so pasta primavera	dried pasta	0
cooking pasta	8	What did they put on the pasta?	text	pre-made sauce that Margaret's mom made	The pesto sauce.	0
cooking pasta	9	How long did it take them to make the pasta?	commonsense	Not long at all.	It took them all evening.	0
making a bed	0	Can you make a bed after you get in it?	commonsense	No, not really	yes	0
making a bed	1	When did they make the bed?	text	In the morning	At bedtime.	1
making a bed	2	Did they turn off the lights after making the bed?	text	No the slept with the lights on	yes	1
making a bed	3	Did they use a blanket?	text	yes	no	0
making a bed	4	Where are they making the bed, in a bedroom or in a hotel?	text	a hotel	their home bedroom	1
making a bed	5	Who made the bed?	text	the maid	the person in the story	1
making a bed	6	Do they keep the pillows above or below the blankets?	commonsense	Above, at the top of the bed	he put the pillow in the closet	0
making a bed	0	Why did they make the bed?	commonsense	People make beds because the sheets and blankets get messed up while sleeping.	Never made it	0
making a bed	1	Did they sleep in it?	text	Yes, they said "we sleep on."	No, Grandma sleeps on it.	0
making a bed	2	Was it their own bed?	text	No, it was their sister's bed.	Yes, because they said it was the bed "we" sleep on.	1
making a bed	3	Who made the bed?	text	The story teller's grandma.	the author	1
making a dinner reservation	0	What time was the dinner?	text	5:30pm	7:00 pm	0
making a dinner reservation	1	Where are they making reservations?	text	For a new fast food restaurant	The  new drafthaus	1
making a dinner reservation	2	Why was it necessary to make a reservation?	text	Because they needed an inside table	To ensure that the table would be ready for them	1
making a dinner reservation	3	Was it call ahead seating or early reservation?	text	early reservation	call ahead	1
making a dinner reservation	4	Was the reservation made over the phone or online?	text	over the phone	It was made online	0
making a dinner reservation	5	When will they be seated?	text	5:15 pm	immediately	1
making a dinner reservation	6	Why did they pick that restaurant to reserve a place for?	text	unique beer selection	it was their favorite restaurant	0
making a dinner reservation	7	Why did they ask for a reservation?	text	they wanted to eat outside	Because they had a lot of people coming and needed a large table	0
making a dinner reservation	8	How early did they make the reservation?	text	a few hours	A week before the dinner	0
making a dinner reservation	9	When did they call the restaurant?	text	The week before the dinner	earlier the same day	1
taking a photograph	0	What was the reason for taking the photo?	text	They wanted a picture of their dog.	Souvenir.	1
taking a photograph	1	Did they only take one picture?	text	No they took several pictures.	Yes, they only took one picture.	0
taking a photograph	2	Where was the photo taken?	text	At the beach	At Niagara Falls.	1
taking a photograph	3	Who was in the picture?	commonsense	The camera man	No one was in the picture.	1
taking a photograph	4	Who took the picture?	text	The tourist.	The policeman.	0
planning a holiday trip	0	Had they planned a trip before?	text	yearly	No they've never been away before	0
planning a holiday trip	1	How did the hotel arrangements get paid?	commonsense	through the website	Their grandparents paid for the hotel	0
planning a holiday trip	2	Did they meet any locals?	commonsense	Yes	No, they stayed in their hotel.	0
planning a holiday trip	3	Where did they go?	text	California	Florida	1
planning a holiday trip	4	Did they pay for their vacation in advance?	commonsense	Yes they booked their flights in advance.	No, they bought a ticket at the counter.	0
planning a holiday trip	5	Where will they be going?	text	To Florida.	Texas	0
planning a holiday trip	6	Who will take care of their pets?	text	the boarding place	family and friends	0
sending party invitations	0	Why did they send out invitations?	text	They are having a wedding	To invite people to the party	1
sending party invitations	1	did the invitations ask for a gift?	commonsense	yes	no	1
sending party invitations	2	did they say if there were balloons?	text	They did not say if there were balloons	yes	0
renting a movie	0	How was the movie rented?	text	at the library with their card	not at all	0
renting a movie	1	Why did they choose the movie they chose?	commonsense	It was cheaper.	they like it	1
renting a movie	2	Where did they rent the movie from?	text	Library.	Movie store.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	0	What was the bride wearing?	text	wedding dress	A fancy suit.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Why did they dress up?	commonsense	It was a formal event.	To look better than the bride.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	2	When was the wedding?	text	In the winter.	Last spring	1
attending a wedding ceremony	3	Why did everyone dress up at the wedding?	commonsense	So they could dance	It was a formal event.	1
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Who got married?	text	Mary	Sally	1
cleaning the shower	0	what happened to the shower?	text	They removed it.	It was cleaned.	1
cleaning the shower	1	Did they clean the entire shower?	text	No.	Yes, they cleaned the whole shower.	1
cleaning the shower	2	Why was there dirt on the walls?	commonsense	from being used	from washing the dog	0
cleaning the shower	3	How did they get stuck cleaning the shower?	commonsense	It's their chore	lost a bet	0
cleaning the shower	4	Who was cleaning the shower?	text	The person telling the story's mom.	The narrator.	1
cleaning the shower	5	What cleaning materials did they use?	text	Soft scrub, a sponge, a bucket, a nylon brush, glass cleaner, and paper towels	Mop.	0
cleaning the shower	6	How did they dry the shower walls?	commonsense	Towels.	They let them air dry	1
cleaning the shower	7	who cleaned the shower?	text	The person telling the story.	the dog	0
cleaning the shower	8	Did anyone help them clean the shower?	text	Yes, their son helped.	No, they did it alone.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	0	Did they stay after eating?	commonsense	Yes, they chatted with the staff for a while.	No, they cleaned up and went home.	1
eating in a fast food restaurant	1	Did they have to wait in line?	text	yes	no	0
eating in a fast food restaurant	2	Were they by themselves or with anyone?	text	they were with their family	They were alone	0
going on a date	0	Why were they going on a date?	commonsense	Because they hate each other	because they are a couple	1
going on a date	1	Who did they go with?	text	they did not have friends with them	they were with many friends	0
going on a date	2	Did they have to pay money to go on the date?	text	No it was free pizza	Yes they had to pay for dinner	1
going on a date	3	Did they plan to have another date after this one?	commonsense	no they broke up	yes they were a couple	1
going on a date	4	Who was the person they were going on a date with?	text	their boyfriend	their uncle	0
going on a date	5	How long did the date last?	commonsense	all day	An hour or two	1
going on a date	6	Who paid for the dinner on the date?	text	he did	they both did	1
visiting relatives	0	Where do the relatives live?	text	1 hour away	Two hours away from the mother.	0
visiting relatives	1	So what all did they do while they were there?	text	went out to lunch	They told stories and drank soda.	1
visiting relatives	2	Why were they visiting?	text	birthday	To see mother.	1
visiting relatives	3	Where did they meet?	text	at the beach	mom's house	1
visiting relatives	4	How many relatives were they visiting?	text	2	One.	1
visiting relatives	5	Did they bring any gifts to the relatives?	text	no	yes-soda	1
visiting relatives	6	How did they get there?	text	Drove in car	Rode the bus	0
visiting relatives	7	Would they go again?	text	Yes, this weekend	no	0
visiting relatives	8	Are the happy to visit the relatives?	text	no	yes	1
visiting relatives	9	Who went on the trip?	text	the main character	the father	0
taking a driving lesson	0	What kind of car was it?	text	Van.	A big car, a truck.	1
taking a driving lesson	1	Did the class involve actual driving in a car or just learning?	text	Driving in a car	Just learning	0
taking a driving lesson	2	Why did they need to take a driving lesson?	commonsense	For fun.	To learn to drive.	1
taking a driving lesson	3	Were they taking the lesson to renew their license or get a new one?	text	Renew a license	Get a new license.	1
taking a driving lesson	4	Who was there with them?	text	Instructor.	His parents.	0
visiting the beach	0	Was the day sunny?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
visiting the beach	1	Why did they stay out of the water?	text	The baby did not enjoy the water.	The water is cold.	0
visiting the beach	2	Where was the beach located?	text	in California	Florida	0
going to the theater	0	What was the reason they went to the theater?	text	To watch a movie	To meet a friend.	0
going to the theater	1	Did they get any snacks?	text	No snacks.	yes	1
taking a photograph	0	Did they finish taking the photograph?	text	No.	YES	1
taking a photograph	1	Were the people related to each other or were they friends?	text	yes friends	They were married.	1
taking a photograph	2	What kind of setting was the background of the photo?	text	the mountains	The ocean	0
taking a photograph	3	Why did they want to take the picture?	text	for the heck of it	memories	1
taking a photograph	4	Why are they taking a photograph?	text	memories	They saw a bird they wanted to take a picture of.	0
taking a photograph	5	Was there any sunlight during the taken photo?	commonsense	no, it's night	YES	1
taking a photograph	6	Was the scenery beautiful?	text	No.	yes, it is amazing	1
taking a photograph	7	Who was taking the pictures?	text	their boss	A stranger who parked too.	1
taking a photograph	8	Did they take the photograph well or not?	commonsense	somewhat	no, it's not well	0
taking a photograph	9	Where were they taking the photograph?	text	at the beach	in the mountains	1
attending a wedding ceremony	0	What was the bride wearing?	commonsense	A white dress.	A pantsuit.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	1	Did anyone dance?	text	No.	Yes	1
attending a wedding ceremony	2	Did people dance at the wedding?	text	Yes	No.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	3	What did they do at the ceremony?	text	Get married.	Chat.	0
attending a wedding ceremony	4	Why was the ceremony happening?	text	there was sadness	someone was getting married	1
attending a wedding ceremony	5	Who officiated the wedding?	commonsense	a friend	minister/priest	1
getting the newspaper	0	Were they wearing a robe and slippers when getting it?	commonsense	No, she got herself ready so must have put on clothes	Yes	0
getting the newspaper	1	Was it delivered to the front door?	text	no they went to the store	yes	0
getting the newspaper	2	Who did they get the newspaper from?	text	From a grocery store.	From a gas station.	1
getting the newspaper	3	Was the newspaper in a bag?	commonsense	none was mentioned	yes	0
throwing a party	0	Why did they decide to make the food for the party?	text	They only had a recipe for chocolate cake	Chocolate cake is their friend's favorite	1
throwing a party	1	Where was the party located?	text	at the narrator's house.	at a restaurant	0
throwing a party	2	Who was the party for?	text	the narrators best friend	family	0
throwing a party	3	Was the party for friends or family?	text	family	friends	1
throwing a party	4	Who came to the party?	text	their friends	their family	0
throwing a party	5	When is the party?	text	Tomorrow	Tonight	1
making tea	0	Did they make it in the kitchen or did they boil water and bring it into another room?	text	brought into another room	kitchen only	1
making tea	1	Are they drinking the tea alone?	text	yes	no	0
making tea	2	Did they add anything to the tea, like lemon, milk, or sugar?	text	no	yes	1
making tea	3	How long did they steep the tea bag in the tea?	text	75 seconds heated and one minute steeping	3 minutes	0
making tea	4	Why are they making the tea - for themselves or for a job?	text	for job	themself only	1
making tea	5	Was it iced tea or hot tea?	text	iced tea	hot tea	1
making tea	6	Where did they make the tea?	text	Kitchen	Bathroom	0
making tea	7	Is it hot tea or iced tea?	text	iced tea	hot tea	1
wrapping a gift	0	What time of the year is it?	text	Christmastime	It is the middle of summer.	0
wrapping a gift	1	When did they wrap the gift?	text	Easter	Christmastime	1
wrapping a gift	2	What was the celebration?	text	Easter	Christmas	1
wrapping a gift	3	Did they have fun wrapping it?	commonsense	Not really, they don't much care for wrapping presents	No they dislike it greatly.	0
wrapping a gift	4	How long did it take to wrap the gift?	commonsense	A long time as they take care	a few minutes	1
wrapping a gift	5	Who wrapped the gift?	text	The narrator	a group of parents	0
wrapping a gift	6	How did they wrap the gift?	text	Not too carefully, as the kids won't care	They used a gift bag.	0
cleaning the table	0	Did they have to clear the table before cleaning it?	text	No they didn't.	Yes they did.	1
cleaning the table	1	Who cleaned the table?	text	The kids.	The story teller.	1
cleaning the table	2	is a wash cloth used to clean the table?	text	No, a sponge.	Yes a rag.	0
cleaning the table	3	Did anyone help them clean the table?	text	Yes the kids helped.	No one helped them.	1
cleaning the table	4	Did the clean the table before or after dinner?	text	They cleaned before.	They cleaned after.	1
cleaning the table	5	When did they decide the cleaning needed to be done?	commonsense	The next day.	After the meal ended.	1
cleaning the table	6	Did they use a sponge to clean?	text	Yes they did.	No they used a paper towel	0
taking a bath	0	Was anyone there when they were taking a bath?	text	yes	no	1
taking a bath	1	Were there toys in the bath?	commonsense	yes	Not at her age	1
taking a bath	2	Did the tub fill with water?	text	yes	no	0
taking a bath	3	Did they bathe to get clean?	text	yes	she did not wash her body	0
taking a bath	4	How did the bath feel?	commonsense	Good	like acid	0
taking a bath	5	Did they get behind the ears?	commonsense	yes	no	0
checking in at an airport	0	Where was the ticket counter?	commonsense	The airport.	After security.	0
checking in at an airport	1	How did they get to the airport?	text	They drove a car.	They took a bus	0
washing dishes	0	did more then one person help?	text	No.	Yes	0
washing dishes	1	was there much silverware to wash?	commonsense	no	yes	1
washing dishes	2	Where did they wash the dishes?	commonsense	In sink at home	In the bedroom.	0
washing dishes	3	Did they wash the dishes right after they ate?	text	Yes	No	1
washing dishes	4	Was it hard to reach the sink?	commonsense	No it was not.	Yes it was.	0
washing dishes	5	What tools are they using to wash the dishes?	text	a sponge with soap	Just hands	0
washing dishes	6	Was there a lot of dishes?	text	No	Yes	1
washing dishes	7	Where were they doing the dishes?	commonsense	In the bedroom.	At home	1
washing dishes	8	Did they wash the dishes in the sink or in a dish washer?	text	in the sink	Both	1
preparing a picnic	0	Did they go shopping to get things for the picnic?	commonsense	No	Yes	1
preparing a picnic	1	When did they want to have the picnic?	text	in the evening	On the same day as the story	1
visiting the beach	0	What was the weather like?	text	It was cold and rainy.	good	1
visiting the beach	1	Who went to the beach?	text	The people telling the story.	no one	0
visiting the beach	2	where is the beach at?	text	They were at Lake Ontario.	on Lake Erie	0
visiting the beach	3	What day did they visit?	text	Sunday	They went on a Saturday.	1
visiting the beach	4	Did it rain at the beach?	commonsense	Yes, it poured.	No, it didn't rain.	1
preparing dinner	0	Where did they make dinner?	commonsense	Their house	At the restaurant	0
preparing dinner	1	How long did it take to make dinner?	text	About two hours	30 minutes	1
preparing dinner	2	What did they prepare for dinner?	text	Chicken and rice	Jambalaya	1
preparing dinner	3	How was dinner prepared?	text	defrosted and cut sausage; cooked rice	put on the grill	0
preparing dinner	4	when was dinner prepared?	text	On the evening of her anniversary	In the morning	0
preparing dinner	5	What did they make?	text	pizza	sausage jambalaya	1
preparing dinner	6	Who is preparing dinner?	text	The husband	my wife	0
preparing dinner	7	Why was dinner prepared?	text	A birthday celebration	An anniversary surprise.	1
preparing dinner	8	how many people are eating?	commonsense	2	4	0
preparing dinner	9	Why did they boil the water?	commonsense	for tea	to cook the sausage and rice	1
going to a funeral	0	How did they know the dead person?	text	Friend	It was their aunt.	1
preparing dinner	0	Where are they going to actually serve the dinner?	commonsense	Kitchen.	Back porch	0
preparing dinner	1	For how many people are they cooking for?	commonsense	One	Four.	0
preparing dinner	2	is there a special occasion for the dinner?	commonsense	Yes	A normal dinner.	1
preparing dinner	3	Where is the dinner being prepared?	text	Bathroom	Kitchen	1
preparing dinner	4	How many different kinds of food was made?	text	Three kinds.	Two kinds.	1
preparing dinner	5	How long did the food have to be in the oven?	text	One hour.	Thirty minutes.	1
preparing dinner	6	Was the food good?	commonsense	They are bland with no seasoning.	Yes	1
preparing dinner	7	How was dinner prepared?	text	It was prepared on the stove	The chicken was cooked in the oven, and the potatoes were cooked in the microwave	1
preparing dinner	8	Who is preparing dinner?	text	A neighbor	Author	1
heating food on kitchen gas	0	Did they have anyone else with them while they were cooking?	text	No, they were alone.	Yes, their friend.	0
heating food on kitchen gas	1	Why did it need to cook so long?	commonsense	The gas takes longer to cook things than the microwave	it was a lot of food	0
heating food on kitchen gas	2	Is it daytime or nighttime?	text	nighttime	It was daytime.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	3	How long does the stove have to heat up?	text	10 minutes	It takes 5 minutes to heat up.	1
heating food on kitchen gas	4	What appliance is being used?	commonsense	the microwave	Gas stove	1
heating food on kitchen gas	5	Were they heating it for themselves or someone else?	text	They were cooking for themselves.	Someone else	0
making coffee	0	Where were they while making coffee?	text	in the living room	at home	1
making coffee	1	What type of container did they pour the coffee into?	text	coffee cup	thermos	0
making coffee	2	When was the coffee made?	text	Morning	Evening	0
making coffee	3	Why were they making coffee?	text	they need coffee	to pour out	0
making coffee	4	Who made the coffee?	text	the family	the author	1
making coffee	5	How long did they take to prepare the coffee?	commonsense	five hours	not long	1
making coffee	6	Did they put any sugar in their coffee?	text	no	yes	1
making coffee	7	Was the coffee an espresso?	text	yes	no	1
planning a holiday trip	0	Who planned the trip?	text	The parents	narrator and their family	1
planning a holiday trip	1	Why did they choose their destination?	text	For fun.	warmer weather	1
planning a holiday trip	2	Was the weather nice on their vacation?	commonsense	yes	No.	0
planning a holiday trip	3	Will they need warm or cold weather clothes?	text	cold weather clothes	warm weather clothes	1
planning a holiday trip	4	Had they planned a trip before?	text	yes	No.	0
planning a holiday trip	5	Where did they go?	text	Florida.	Hawaii.	0
cooking fish	0	Who ate the fish?	text	the couple	the boyfriend and his mom	0
cooking fish	1	How did they cook the fish?	text	They cooked it on the grill.	baked it	1
cooking fish	2	For what meal are they cooking the fish?	text	For lunch.	for dinner	1
cooking fish	3	How did the fish taste?	text	The fish they ate had spoiled so they had to eat just the salad.	The fish they ate was delicious and they enjoyed a lovely dinner.	1
cooking fish	4	How many people can the fish feed?	commonsense	A party of six.	Two people them and their boyfriend.	1
cooking fish	5	For how many people were they cooking fish?	text	Two people, them and their boyfriend.	Four people, them and their whole family.	0
cooking fish	6	did they like it?	text	no	yes	1
cooking fish	7	Was it part of a big meal?	commonsense	no	yes	0
cooking fish	8	How did they took the fish, by baking, steaming or frying it?	text	by baking it	by frying it	0
cooking fish	9	Who is cooking the fish?	commonsense	The narrator.	The boyfriend.	0
cooking fish	10	where did they get the fish?	text	From the freezer	From the local fish market.	0
repairing a bicycle	0	What needed to be repaired on the bicycle?	text	Broken handlebars	A flat tire	1
repairing a bicycle	1	How was the bike fixed?	text	Adding a patch over the hole	Replacing the tire	0
repairing a bicycle	2	Did they repair their own bicycle?	text	No, they paid for repairs	Yes	1
painting a wall	0	How tall was the wall?	commonsense	The wall was low.	very tall	1
painting a wall	1	Why was a specific color used to color the wall?	text	wife chose color	was only color they had	0
painting a wall	2	What room are they in?	text	Living room	Kitchen	0
painting a wall	3	What did they use to paint the wall?	text	Paint and paint roller	They used sprayer.	0
painting a wall	4	Where was the wall located?	text	bed room	living room	1
painting a wall	5	What did they use to paint with?	text	They used paint rollers.	They used paint brushes.	0
getting a haircut	0	Did they seem to like their hair?	text	No	Yes, they left satisfied	1
getting a haircut	1	What did they tip the hair stylist?	text	$5	$100	0
getting a haircut	2	Did they leave a tip?	text	No, they did not.	Yes. $5	1
getting a haircut	3	How long has it possibly been since their last haircut?	text	Six months.	A year.	0
writing a letter	0	Did they have any trouble writing the letter?	commonsense	No	Yes	0
writing a letter	1	Why are they writing to this person?	commonsense	they miss them	they wanted to brag	0
writing a letter	2	Who wrote the letter?	text	the narrator	their daughter	0
writing a letter	3	Why did they write the letter?	commonsense	they missed their friend	they wanted to brag	0
writing a letter	4	How long did it take them to finish writing the letter?	commonsense	A little while	only a few minutes	0
writing a letter	5	Who was the letter to?	text	Author's College roommate	Old high school roommate	0
writing a letter	6	What are their emotions while writing the letter?	commonsense	Sad	nostalgic emotions	1
writing a letter	7	Where did they write the letter?	text	At college	Home	1
writing a letter	8	Did they write in a hurry or did they seem to choose their words carefully?	commonsense	they wrote in a hurry	they chose their words carefully	1
baking a cake	0	What kind of icing was on the cake?	text	chocolate	vanilla	0
baking a cake	1	How long did they bake the cake?	text	one hour	12 minutes	1
baking a cake	2	Where was the frosting put?	text	on the cake	Injected inside the cake	0
baking a cake	3	Was the cake delicious?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	4	What ingredients were used?	text	oregano, tomato sauce	flour, eggs, sugar, frosting	1
baking a cake	5	How long do they leave the oven on	text	two hours	12 minutes	1
baking a cake	6	Did they say thank you?	text	yes	no	0
baking a cake	7	Who baked the cake?	commonsense	author	I did	0
baking a cake	8	How sugary is the cake?	commonsense	sugar-free	medium sugar content	1
baking a cake	9	What are they baking?	text	frosting	a cake	1
taking a bath	0	Is the bath in a house or a public place?	text	In a house	Public bathhouse	0
taking a bath	1	Did they take a bath with bubbles?	text	No	Yes	1
taking a bath	2	Did they use bubbles?	text	No	Yes	1
taking a bath	3	Did they dry off with a towel after their bath?	text	No	Yes	1
taking a bath	4	Did they enjoy the bath?	commonsense	yes, he laughs	no, he cried	0
taking a bath	5	Did they shave their legs?	commonsense	yes	no	1
setting the dining table	0	For how many people did they set the table for?	commonsense	4 people	3 people	1
setting the dining table	1	Who set the table?	text	Bobby	Dad	0
setting the dining table	2	Where did they put the plates down?	text	On the table mats.	on the counter	0
setting the dining table	3	Did they try to be decorative or functional?	commonsense	Functional	Decorative, there were flowers on the table.	0
setting the dining table	4	Where was the table set ?	commonsense	living room	dining room	1
putting up a painting	0	Why did they like the painting?	commonsense	it was the only painting available	It made the room look more lively	1
putting up a painting	1	where did they buy it?	text	Hardware store	a home goods store	1
putting up a painting	2	Was it hard to hang the painting?	commonsense	yes	no	1
putting up a painting	3	what kind of art is it?	text	a sculpture	a painting	1
putting up a painting	4	Why did they hang the painting?	text	to make it more boring	they wanted their living room to be more lively	1
putting up a painting	5	what room is the painting in?	text	the bedroom	the living room	1
putting up a painting	6	Do people like the painting?	commonsense	no	yes	1
putting up a painting	7	When did they put up the painting?	text	when they arrived home from the store	two weeks ago	0
